a => negativo
abandon => muynegativo
abandoned => muynegativo
abandonment => muynegativo
abated => negativo
abilities => positivo
ability => muypositivo
able => positivo
abnormal => muynegativo
aboard => negativo
abolition => muynegativo
abortion => muynegativo
about => negativo
above => positivo
abroad => muypositivo
abrupt => muynegativo
abruptly => muynegativo
abscess => muynegativo
absence => muynegativo
absent => muynegativo
absolute => negativo
absolutely => negativo
absorb => negativo
absorbed => muynegativo
absorption => negativo
abstract => negativo
abstraction => muynegativo
absurd => muynegativo
abundance => muypositivo
abuse => muynegativo
abusers => muynegativo
abusing => muynegativo
abusive => negativo
abut => negativo
academic => negativo
academy => negativo
accelerated => positivo
acceleration => positivo
accept => positivo
acceptable => negativo
acceptance => positivo
accepted => negativo
accepting => muynegativo
access => positivo
accident => muynegativo
accommodate => negativo
accompanied => positivo
accompanying => negativo
accomplish => muypositivo
accomplished => muypositivo
accomplishments => muypositivo
accordance => negativo
according => negativo
accordingly => negativo
account => negativo
accounting => muynegativo
accounts => negativo
accumulated => negativo
accumulation => positivo
accuracy => muypositivo
accurate => muypositivo
accurately => positivo
accuse => muynegativo
accused => muynegativo
accustomed => positivo
ace => muypositivo
aced => muypositivo
achieve => muypositivo
achieved => muypositivo
achievement => muypositivo
achievements => positivo
achieving => muypositivo
achy => muynegativo
acid => muynegativo
acknowledge => negativo
acknowledged => positivo
acquainted => positivo
acquire => positivo
acquired => negativo
acquiring => positivo
acquisition => negativo
acreage => negativo
acres => negativo
across => negativo
act => negativo
acted => muynegativo
acting => negativo
action => negativo
actions => positivo
active => positivo
actively => positivo
activist => positivo
activities => positivo
activity => muypositivo
actor => positivo
actors => negativo
acts => positivo
actual => negativo
actually => negativo
acute => muynegativo
ad => positivo
adaptation => negativo
adapted => negativo
add => negativo
added => negativo
adding => positivo
addition => negativo
additional => negativo
addled => negativo
address => negativo
addressed => negativo
addresses => negativo
adds => positivo
adequate => positivo
adequately => negativo
adjacent => negativo
adjoining => negativo
adjust => negativo
adjusted => positivo
adjusting => muynegativo
adjustment => negativo
adjustments => negativo
administered => muynegativo
administration => negativo
administrative => muynegativo
administrator => muynegativo
admirable => muypositivo
admiration => positivo
admire => negativo
admired => muypositivo
admission => negativo
admit => negativo
admitted => negativo
adolescence => negativo
adolescent => muynegativo
adopt => negativo
adopted => negativo
adopting => positivo
adoption => negativo
adoring => muypositivo
adrenaline => positivo
ads => positivo
adult => positivo
adults => negativo
advance => positivo
advanced => positivo
advancement => positivo
advances => positivo
advantage => muypositivo
advantages => positivo
adventure => muypositivo
adventures => muypositivo
adverse => muynegativo
advertising => negativo
advice => positivo
advise => positivo
advised => negativo
advisee => negativo
advisers => negativo
advisory => negativo
advocate => positivo
aesthetic => positivo
affair => muynegativo
affairs => muynegativo
affect => negativo
affected => negativo
affection => muypositivo
affects => negativo
affirm => negativo
affixed => negativo
affliction => muynegativo
afford => positivo
afforded => negativo
afraid => muynegativo
africa => positivo
african => negativo
after => negativo
after-thought => negativo
afternoon => positivo
afternoons => positivo
afterward => positivo
afterwards => negativo
again => negativo
against => muynegativo
age => negativo
aged => muynegativo
agencies => negativo
agency => negativo
agent => negativo
agents => muynegativo
ages => negativo
aggravate => muynegativo
aggravating => muynegativo
aggression => muynegativo
aggressive => muynegativo
aghast => muynegativo
agitated => muynegativo
ago => negativo
agree => muypositivo
agreeable => muypositivo
agreed => muypositivo
agreement => muypositivo
agreements => positivo
agrees => positivo
agricultural => negativo
agriculture => positivo
ah => positivo
ahead => negativo
aid => positivo
aided => positivo
aids => negativo
aim => muypositivo
aimed => negativo
aims => positivo
ain*t => muynegativo
air => negativo
aircraft => negativo
airplane => muynegativo
airplanes => negativo
airport => negativo
akin => negativo
alarm => muynegativo
alarmed => muynegativo
alarming => muynegativo
alas => negativo
alcohol => negativo
alcoholic => muynegativo
alert => negativo
alien => muynegativo
alienation => muynegativo
alike => positivo
alive => muypositivo
all => negativo
alleged => muynegativo
alliance => positivo
allied => positivo
allies => negativo
allocation => negativo
allotment => negativo
allotted => muynegativo
allow => positivo
allowance => positivo
allowances => muypositivo
allowed => negativo
allowing => negativo
allows => negativo
almost => muynegativo
alone => muynegativo
along => negativo
alongside => negativo
aloud => negativo
already => negativo
alright => positivo
also => negativo
alter => negativo
altered => negativo
alternate => negativo
alternative => negativo
alternatives => negativo
alters => negativo
although => negativo
altogether => positivo
aluminum => muynegativo
always => negativo
am => positivo
amateur => muynegativo
amazed => muypositivo
amazement => positivo
amazing => positivo
ambassador => positivo
ambiguity => muynegativo
ambiguous => muynegativo
ambition => positivo
ambitions => muypositivo
ambitious => positivo
amen => positivo
amended => negativo
amendment => negativo
amends => positivo
american => negativo
amiably => positivo
amid => negativo
ammunition => muynegativo
amnesia => muynegativo
among => negativo
amount => negativo
amounts => negativo
ample => positivo
amputate => muynegativo
amusing => muypositivo
an => muynegativo
anaemia => muynegativo
analogy => negativo
analyses => muynegativo
analysis => negativo
analytic => muynegativo
analyze => negativo
analyzed => negativo
anchor => negativo
anchored => negativo
ancient => negativo
and => negativo
and/or => negativo
angel => muypositivo
angels => positivo
anger => muynegativo
angered => muynegativo
angle => negativo
angles => muynegativo
anglican => positivo
anglo-saxon => negativo
angrier => muynegativo
angry => muynegativo
angular => muynegativo
animal => positivo
animals => positivo
annihilate => muynegativo
anniversary => muypositivo
announce => negativo
announced => negativo
announcement => negativo
annoys => muynegativo
annual => negativo
annually => negativo
anonymous => negativo
another => negativo
answer => negativo
answered => positivo
answering => negativo
answers => negativo
antenna => negativo
anti => muynegativo
anti-semitism => muynegativo
anti-slavery => muynegativo
anticipate => negativo
anticipated => positivo
anticipation => negativo
anticlimax => muynegativo
antique => negativo
anxiety => muynegativo
anxious => muynegativo
any => muynegativo
anybody => negativo
anyhow => muynegativo
anyone => muynegativo
anything => negativo
anyway => negativo
anyways => negativo
anywhere => negativo
apart => muynegativo
apartment => negativo
apartments => muynegativo
apologize => negativo
apologizes => negativo
apologizing => negativo
apparatus => negativo
apparent => negativo
apparently => negativo
appeal => negativo
appealed => negativo
appealing => positivo
appeals => positivo
appear => negativo
appearance => positivo
appearances => negativo
appeared => negativo
appearing => positivo
appears => negativo
appendix => muynegativo
appetite => negativo
appetizer => positivo
applause => negativo
applicable => muynegativo
applicants => muynegativo
application => negativo
applications => muynegativo
applied => muynegativo
applies => muynegativo
apply => negativo
applying => negativo
appointment => muynegativo
appreciate => muypositivo
appreciated => muypositivo
appreciation => muypositivo
apprehension => muynegativo
apprehensive => muynegativo
apprentice => negativo
approach => negativo
approached => negativo
approaches => negativo
approaching => negativo
appropriate => positivo
appropriated => negativo
approval => muypositivo
approve => muypositivo
approved => muypositivo
approving => muypositivo
approximate => muynegativo
approximately => negativo
april => muypositivo
apt => negativo
arbitrary => muynegativo
arc => negativo
arcane => muynegativo
arch => muynegativo
archaeology => negativo
arched => muynegativo
architect => negativo
architecture => negativo
ardent => negativo
are => negativo
area => negativo
areas => negativo
aren*t => muynegativo
argue => muynegativo
argued => muynegativo
argues => muynegativo
arguing => muynegativo
argument => muynegativo
arguments => muynegativo
arise => negativo
arises => negativo
arising => negativo
ark => negativo
arm => negativo
armed => muynegativo
armies => muynegativo
arms => muynegativo
army => muynegativo
arose => positivo
around => negativo
aroused => positivo
arrange => negativo
arranged => muynegativo
arrangement => negativo
arrangements => negativo
arranging => negativo
array => negativo
arrest => muynegativo
arrested => muynegativo
arrival => muynegativo
arrive => negativo
arriving => positivo
arrogant => muynegativo
arrow => muynegativo
art => positivo
arteries => muynegativo
artery => negativo
article => negativo
articles => negativo
artificial => muynegativo
artillery => negativo
artist => negativo
artistic => positivo
artists => positivo
arts => muypositivo
as => muynegativo
ascent => negativo
ash => muynegativo
ashamed => muynegativo
asian => negativo
aside => negativo
ask => negativo
asked => negativo
asking => muynegativo
asks => muynegativo
asleep => muypositivo
aspect => negativo
aspects => muynegativo
aspirations => muypositivo
aspiring => positivo
assassin => muynegativo
assault => muynegativo
assembled => muynegativo
assemblies => negativo
assembly => negativo
assert => negativo
asserted => negativo
assertive => negativo
assessing => negativo
assessment => muynegativo
assessors => negativo
assets => negativo
assign => negativo
assigned => muynegativo
assignment => muynegativo
assignments => muynegativo
assist => positivo
assistance => negativo
assistant => negativo
assistants => negativo
associate => negativo
associated => negativo
associates => negativo
association => negativo
associations => negativo
assume => muynegativo
assumed => muynegativo
assuming => negativo
assumption => muynegativo
assumptions => negativo
assurance => positivo
assure => positivo
assured => negativo
assuring => negativo
astronomy => positivo
at => muynegativo
ate => positivo
athletic => positivo
atlantic => negativo
atlas => negativo
atmosphere => positivo
atom => muynegativo
atoms => muynegativo
attach => positivo
attache => negativo
attached => negativo
attack => muynegativo
attacked => muynegativo
attacks => muynegativo
attain => negativo
attempt => muynegativo
attempted => muynegativo
attempting => negativo
attempts => muynegativo
attend => negativo
attendance => negativo
attendant => negativo
attended => negativo
attending => negativo
attention => negativo
attic => muynegativo
attitude => negativo
attitudes => negativo
attorney => muynegativo
attract => positivo
attracted => muypositivo
attraction => muypositivo
attractive => muypositivo
attributed => negativo
attributes => negativo
audience => negativo
audiences => positivo
auditorium => negativo
august => positivo
aunt => positivo
aura => negativo
auspicious => negativo
authentic => positivo
author => negativo
authorities => muynegativo
authority => positivo
authorized => negativo
authors => negativo
auto => positivo
automatic => positivo
automatically => negativo
automobile => positivo
automobiles => positivo
autonomy => positivo
autumn => negativo
availability => muypositivo
available => positivo
avenue => negativo
average => negativo
averaged => negativo
averages => negativo
avert => negativo
avocado => negativo
avoid => negativo
avoided => muynegativo
avoiding => muynegativo
awake => negativo
award => muypositivo
awarded => muypositivo
awards => positivo
aware => positivo
awareness => positivo
away => negativo
awful => muynegativo
awfully => muynegativo
awkward => muynegativo
awoke => negativo
axis => negativo
aye => negativo
babies => muypositivo
baby => muypositivo
babysit => negativo
babysitter => negativo
babysitting => positivo
back => negativo
backed => negativo
background => positivo
backs => positivo
backward => muynegativo
bacon => negativo
bacterial => muynegativo
bad => muynegativo
badger => negativo
badgers => muynegativo
badly => muynegativo
bag => negativo
bags => negativo
baiting => muynegativo
bake => negativo
baker => positivo
balance => positivo
balanced => muypositivo
ball => negativo
ballet => negativo
ballistic => negativo
balloon => muypositivo
ballot => negativo
balls => negativo
baloney => muynegativo
bananas => positivo
band => negativo
bandied => negativo
bands => negativo
bank => negativo
bankers => negativo
banks => positivo
baptist => muynegativo
baptized => positivo
bar => positivo
barbecue => muypositivo
barbed => muynegativo
bare => negativo
barely => muynegativo
bargaining => positivo
barged => muynegativo
bark => muynegativo
barked => muynegativo
barn => negativo
barometer => negativo
baroque => positivo
barrel => negativo
barriers => muynegativo
bars => negativo
base => negativo
baseball => positivo
based => negativo
basement => negativo
bases => negativo
basic => negativo
basically => positivo
basics => negativo
basis => positivo
basket => negativo
bass => positivo
bastard => muynegativo
bastards => muynegativo
bat => negativo
bath => positivo
bathing => muypositivo
bathroom => negativo
baton => positivo
battery => negativo
batting => positivo
battle => muynegativo
battlements => muynegativo
bawling => muynegativo
bay => positivo
be => positivo
beach => muypositivo
beached => negativo
beaches => positivo
beam => positivo
beamed => negativo
beams => positivo
bear => negativo
beard => negativo
bearded => negativo
bearing => negativo
bears => negativo
beat => muynegativo
beaten => muynegativo
beating => muynegativo
beautiful => muypositivo
beautifully => muypositivo
beauty => muypositivo
beavers => positivo
became => negativo
because => negativo
become => negativo
becomes => negativo
becoming => negativo
bed => positivo
bedroom => positivo
beds => positivo
bee => negativo
beef => negativo
been => negativo
beer => negativo
beers => positivo
bees => negativo
before => negativo
beg => muynegativo
began => negativo
begged => muynegativo
begging => muynegativo
begin => positivo
beginner => negativo
beginning => positivo
begins => positivo
begun => positivo
behalf => negativo
behave => positivo
behaved => positivo
behavior => negativo
behind => muynegativo
being => positivo
beings => negativo
belgian => positivo
belgians => negativo
belief => positivo
beliefs => negativo
believe => positivo
believed => positivo
believes => positivo
believing => positivo
belittle => muynegativo
bell => positivo
belly => negativo
belong => positivo
belonged => negativo
belonging => negativo
belongs => positivo
beloved => positivo
below => muynegativo
belt => muynegativo
bench => negativo
bend => negativo
beneath => negativo
beneficial => positivo
benefit => positivo
benefits => positivo
bent => negativo
beseeching => negativo
beside => negativo
besides => negativo
besotted => muynegativo
best => muypositivo
bet => muynegativo
better => positivo
between => negativo
beyond => negativo
bible => negativo
biblical => negativo
bid => negativo
bide => negativo
big => negativo
bigger => positivo
biggest => positivo
bigwigs => negativo
bike => positivo
bikes => positivo
biking => positivo
bill => negativo
billboard => negativo
billion => positivo
bills => muynegativo
binding => negativo
binge => muynegativo
biography => negativo
biological => negativo
birches => negativo
bird => positivo
birds => positivo
birth => positivo
birthday => muypositivo
bishop => negativo
bit => negativo
bitches => muynegativo
bitching => muynegativo
bitchy => muynegativo
bite => muynegativo
bits => negativo
bitter => muynegativo
bitterly => muynegativo
bitterness => muynegativo
blab => muynegativo
black => negativo
blackbird => negativo
blackest => negativo
blade => negativo
blades => negativo
blame => muynegativo
blames => muynegativo
blank => negativo
blanked => muynegativo
blanket => positivo
blankets => positivo
blankly => negativo
blase => muynegativo
blast => negativo
blazer => muynegativo
bleak => muynegativo
bleat => muynegativo
bleeding => muynegativo
blessed => positivo
blessedly => positivo
blessing => positivo
blew => muynegativo
blind => muynegativo
blindness => muynegativo
bloc => muynegativo
block => muynegativo
blockade => negativo
blocked => muynegativo
blockhead => muynegativo
blocks => negativo
blond => muypositivo
blonde => muypositivo
blood => muynegativo
bloom => positivo
blooming => positivo
blow => negativo
blowing => muynegativo
blowtorch => muynegativo
blue => negativo
bluebell => positivo
bluer => positivo
blues => muynegativo
blurt => muynegativo
blushes => negativo
blustering => muynegativo
boar => muynegativo
board => muynegativo
boards => muynegativo
boat => positivo
boating => muypositivo
boats => positivo
bodies => positivo
body => positivo
boil => muynegativo
boiled => muynegativo
bold => negativo
bolt => negativo
bomb => muynegativo
bombers => muynegativo
bombs => muynegativo
bond => negativo
bonding => positivo
bone => muynegativo
boned => muynegativo
bones => muynegativo
bonuses => muypositivo
book => negativo
books => positivo
boost => positivo
boot => negativo
boots => negativo
border => muynegativo
borders => negativo
bore => muynegativo
bored => muynegativo
boredom => muynegativo
born => positivo
borrowed => negativo
borrows => muynegativo
boss => muynegativo
boston => negativo
both => negativo
bother => muynegativo
bothered => muynegativo
bothersome => muynegativo
bottle => negativo
bottles => muynegativo
bottom => muynegativo
bought => positivo
boulder => muynegativo
boulevard => muynegativo
bounced => negativo
bound => muynegativo
boundaries => muynegativo
boundary => muynegativo
bounds => muynegativo
bow => negativo
bowl => muynegativo
bowled => muynegativo
bowling => negativo
box => muynegativo
boxer => muynegativo
boxes => muynegativo
boy => positivo
boy*s => negativo
boyfriend => positivo
boyfriends => positivo
boys => positivo
bra => positivo
brace => muynegativo
bracelet => positivo
bragging => muynegativo
brags => muynegativo
brain => positivo
brains => negativo
branch => negativo
branches => negativo
brand => negativo
brass => negativo
brave => muypositivo
bravest => positivo
bread => negativo
break => muynegativo
breakdance => positivo
breakdown => muynegativo
breakfast => positivo
breaking => muynegativo
breaks => muynegativo
breast => positivo
breath => positivo
breather => negativo
breathing => positivo
breaths => positivo
breeches => muynegativo
breed => muynegativo
breeze => positivo
brick => negativo
bride => positivo
bridge => negativo
bridges => negativo
brief => negativo
briefly => negativo
bright => positivo
brightness => positivo
brilliant => muypositivo
bring => negativo
bringing => negativo
brings => negativo
british => positivo
broad => muynegativo
broadcast => negativo
broader => muynegativo
broadway => negativo
broke => muynegativo
bronze => negativo
brooding => muynegativo
brother => negativo
brother*s => negativo
brothers => negativo
brought => muynegativo
brown => negativo
browsed => negativo
bruises => muynegativo
brush => negativo
brushed => negativo
brutality => muynegativo
brutes => muynegativo
bubble => positivo
bubbles => positivo
bubbly => positivo
buck => muynegativo
buddy => positivo
budged => muynegativo
budget => negativo
buffalo => muynegativo
buffer => negativo
bugged => muynegativo
build => negativo
builder => negativo
builders => negativo
building => negativo
buildings => negativo
built => negativo
bulk => muynegativo
bull => muynegativo
bull*s-eye => negativo
bullet => muynegativo
bulletin => negativo
bullets => muynegativo
bummer => muynegativo
bunch => negativo
bunches => negativo
bundle => negativo
bungalow => negativo
bunk => muynegativo
bunks => muynegativo
bunny => muypositivo
bunny*s => muypositivo
burbled => muynegativo
burden => muynegativo
bureau => muynegativo
burial => muynegativo
buried => muynegativo
burn => muynegativo
burned => muynegativo
burning => muynegativo
burns => muynegativo
burst => muynegativo
bursting => negativo
bus => negativo
bush => negativo
bushes => muynegativo
bushy => negativo
busied => muynegativo
business => muynegativo
businesses => muynegativo
businessmen => negativo
busting => muynegativo
busy => negativo
but => negativo
butt => muynegativo
butter => negativo
butterflies => positivo
butterfly => muypositivo
button => negativo
buttons => negativo
buy => negativo
buying => positivo
buys => positivo
buzz => negativo
by => muynegativo
byte => muynegativo
cab => negativo
cabin => negativo
cabinet => negativo
cafe => positivo
cafeteria => negativo
cake => muypositivo
calcium => negativo
calculated => muynegativo
calculation => muynegativo
calculations => muynegativo
calendar => negativo
calendars => negativo
calf => negativo
call => negativo
called => negativo
calling => negativo
calls => positivo
calm => negativo
calmly => muypositivo
calms => positivo
came => muynegativo
camera => negativo
camp => positivo
campaign => negativo
campaigns => negativo
camps => positivo
campus => negativo
can => muynegativo
can*t => muynegativo
cancer => muynegativo
candidate => muynegativo
candidates => muynegativo
candle => positivo
candy => positivo
cane => negativo
cannot => muynegativo
canvas => muynegativo
canyon => muynegativo
cap => negativo
capabilities => negativo
capability => negativo
capable => positivo
capacity => negativo
cape => negativo
capita => muynegativo
capital => negativo
capitalism => muynegativo
capitol => negativo
captain => negativo
capture => muynegativo
captured => muynegativo
car => positivo
carbon => negativo
card => positivo
cardinal => muynegativo
cards => negativo
care => positivo
cared => muypositivo
career => muypositivo
careers => muypositivo
careful => positivo
carefully => negativo
caretaker => positivo
caring => positivo
caroused => negativo
carouses => negativo
carpet => negativo
carriage => negativo
carried => negativo
carriers => muynegativo
carries => muynegativo
carrot => negativo
carry => muynegativo
carrying => negativo
carryover => muynegativo
cars => positivo
carting => muynegativo
cartons => negativo
carved => negativo
case => muynegativo
cases => negativo
cash => positivo
cashier => muynegativo
cast => muynegativo
castle*s => positivo
casual => positivo
casually => positivo
cat => negativo
catastrophe => muynegativo
catch => negativo
catcher => negativo
categories => negativo
category => negativo
catered => negativo
catholic => negativo
catholics => negativo
cats => muynegativo
cattle => negativo
catty => muynegativo
caught => muynegativo
cause => negativo
caused => negativo
causes => negativo
causing => negativo
caution => muynegativo
cautious => muynegativo
cavalry => negativo
cavity => muynegativo
cease => negativo
ceased => negativo
ceiling => negativo
ceilings => negativo
celebrated => muypositivo
celebration => muypositivo
cell => negativo
cellar => negativo
cells => muynegativo
cellulose => muynegativo
cement => negativo
cemetery => muynegativo
census => muynegativo
cent => negativo
centaurs => negativo
center => positivo
centered => negativo
centers => negativo
centimeter => negativo
central => negativo
cents => negativo
centuries => negativo
centurion => negativo
century => negativo
cereal => positivo
ceremonies => positivo
ceremony => positivo
certain => positivo
certainly => negativo
certainty => negativo
chain => negativo
chained => muynegativo
chains => muynegativo
chair => negativo
chairman => negativo
chairs => negativo
challenge => negativo
challenging => negativo
chamber => negativo
chambers => negativo
champagne => positivo
champion => negativo
champions => negativo
chance => negativo
chances => negativo
change => positivo
changed => negativo
changes => positivo
changing => positivo
channel => negativo
channels => negativo
chaos => muynegativo
chapel => negativo
chapter => negativo
chapters => negativo
character => negativo
characteristic => positivo
characteristics => positivo
characterized => negativo
characters => negativo
charade => negativo
charcoal => negativo
charge => negativo
charged => negativo
charges => muynegativo
charm => muypositivo
charming => muypositivo
chars => negativo
chart => negativo
charter => negativo
chase => muynegativo
chased => muynegativo
cheap => muynegativo
cheaper => negativo
cheating => muynegativo
check => negativo
checked => negativo
checks => negativo
cheek => positivo
cheeks => positivo
cheerful => positivo
cheering => muypositivo
cheerleader => muynegativo
cheesecake => muypositivo
chemical => muynegativo
chemistry => negativo
cherished => positivo
chest => positivo
chewing => negativo
chicken => negativo
chickens => negativo
chief => negativo
chiefly => negativo
child => positivo
child*s => positivo
childish => negativo
children => muypositivo
children*s => positivo
chill => muynegativo
chin => negativo
chinese => negativo
chip => negativo
chlorine => muynegativo
choice => positivo
choices => positivo
cholesterol => muynegativo
choose => positivo
choosing => negativo
chores => muynegativo
chorus => muynegativo
chose => negativo
chosen => negativo
christ => negativo
christ*s => negativo
christian => positivo
christianity => negativo
christians => negativo
christmas => muypositivo
chronic => muynegativo
chrysalis => negativo
chuck => muynegativo
church => negativo
churches => negativo
cigar => muynegativo
cigarette => negativo
cigarettes => negativo
circle => negativo
circles => negativo
circuit => negativo
circular => negativo
circulation => muynegativo
circumstance => negativo
circumstances => negativo
cited => negativo
cites => negativo
cities => negativo
citizen => positivo
citizens => negativo
city => positivo
city*s => positivo
civic => negativo
civil => negativo
civilian => negativo
civilization => negativo
civilized => positivo
claim => negativo
claimed => negativo
claiming => negativo
claims => negativo
clanging => muynegativo
clank => negativo
clanks => negativo
clap => negativo
clarify => negativo
clarity => positivo
clark => muynegativo
class => positivo
classes => negativo
classic => negativo
classical => positivo
classification => negativo
classified => muynegativo
classroom => negativo
clattering => muynegativo
clay => negativo
clean => positivo
cleaned => positivo
cleaning => negativo
cleans => positivo
clear => positivo
cleared => positivo
clearer => muypositivo
clearing => positivo
clearly => muypositivo
cleaver => negativo
clergy => negativo
clergyman => negativo
clerk => negativo
clever => positivo
client => negativo
clients => negativo
cliff => negativo
climate => negativo
climax => positivo
climb => negativo
climbed => negativo
climber => negativo
climbing => negativo
clincher => negativo
clinical => muynegativo
cloakroom => negativo
clock => muynegativo
clone => negativo
cloned => muynegativo
clones => muynegativo
close => negativo
closed => negativo
closely => negativo
closeness => negativo
closer => negativo
closet => negativo
closeted => muynegativo
closing => negativo
cloth => negativo
clothes => negativo
clothing => positivo
cloud => positivo
clouds => positivo
club => negativo
clubs => negativo
clue => negativo
clues => negativo
clumped => negativo
clung => negativo
cluster => negativo
cluttering => muynegativo
coach => negativo
coached => muynegativo
coal => muynegativo
coalition => negativo
coarse => muynegativo
coast => negativo
coaster => negativo
coat => negativo
coating => negativo
coatings => negativo
coats => negativo
coattail => negativo
cockpit => negativo
cocktail => negativo
code => negativo
codes => negativo
coexistence => negativo
coffee => positivo
coffins => muynegativo
cohesive => negativo
cohorts => muynegativo
coin => negativo
coincide => positivo
coincidence => negativo
cold => muynegativo
collaboration => negativo
collapsed => negativo
collar => muynegativo
collars => negativo
colleagues => negativo
collect => negativo
collected => negativo
collecting => negativo
collection => negativo
collective => negativo
college => positivo
colleges => negativo
colonel => muynegativo
colony => muynegativo
color => negativo
colored => positivo
colorful => muypositivo
colors => positivo
colour => positivo
coloured => negativo
colours => positivo
colt => negativo
column => negativo
columns => negativo
combat => muynegativo
combination => negativo
combinations => negativo
combine => negativo
combined => negativo
combing => negativo
combining => negativo
come => negativo
comedy => muypositivo
comes => negativo
comfort => muypositivo
comfortable => muypositivo
comfortably => muypositivo
comforted => muypositivo
coming => negativo
command => muynegativo
commanded => muynegativo
commander => muynegativo
commanding => muynegativo
commands => muynegativo
comment => muynegativo
commented => negativo
comments => negativo
commerce => negativo
commercial => negativo
commercially => muynegativo
commercials => negativo
commission => negativo
commissioner => negativo
commissioners => negativo
commissions => positivo
commit => negativo
commitment => positivo
commitments => negativo
committed => positivo
committee => muynegativo
committees => negativo
commodities => positivo
common => negativo
commonly => negativo
commonplace => negativo
communicate => muypositivo
communication => positivo
communications => muypositivo
communion => negativo
communism => muynegativo
communist => muynegativo
communists => muynegativo
communities => positivo
community => positivo
commuter => negativo
compact => negativo
companies => negativo
companion => muypositivo
company => muypositivo
company*s => positivo
comparable => negativo
comparative => muynegativo
comparatively => negativo
compare => negativo
compared => negativo
comparison => negativo
compartment => negativo
compass => negativo
compatible => positivo
compelled => negativo
compensation => negativo
compete => positivo
competence => positivo
competent => muypositivo
competes => negativo
competing => negativo
competition => negativo
competitive => negativo
competitors => negativo
compilation => negativo
compiled => muynegativo
complain => muynegativo
complained => muynegativo
complaint => muynegativo
complement => muypositivo
complete => negativo
completed => positivo
completely => positivo
completing => positivo
completion => positivo
complex => muynegativo
complexity => muynegativo
complicated => muynegativo
component => muynegativo
components => muynegativo
composed => positivo
composer => negativo
composers => negativo
composite => positivo
composition => negativo
compositions => negativo
compound => muynegativo
compounded => negativo
compounds => muynegativo
comprehensive => negativo
comprise => negativo
compromise => positivo
compulsive => muynegativo
computed => negativo
computer => negativo
computing => negativo
comrades => positivo
conceded => muynegativo
conceited => muynegativo
conceivable => positivo
conceivably => positivo
conceive => positivo
conceived => negativo
concentrate => positivo
concentrated => negativo
concentration => positivo
concept => muynegativo
conception => positivo
concepts => negativo
concern => muynegativo
concerned => muynegativo
concerning => negativo
concerns => muynegativo
concert => positivo
concerto => negativo
concerts => positivo
conclude => muynegativo
concluded => negativo
conclusion => negativo
conclusions => negativo
conclusive => negativo
concord => negativo
concrete => negativo
condemned => muynegativo
condition => muynegativo
conditioned => negativo
conditioner => negativo
conditioning => negativo
conditions => negativo
conduct => negativo
conducted => negativo
conducting => negativo
conductor => negativo
cone => negativo
confederate => negativo
conference => negativo
conferences => negativo
confess => negativo
confession => negativo
confidence => muypositivo
confident => muypositivo
confined => muynegativo
confirm => muynegativo
confirmed => negativo
conflict => muynegativo
conform => muynegativo
conformity => muynegativo
confront => muynegativo
confrontation => negativo
confronted => muynegativo
confronting => muynegativo
confused => muynegativo
confuses => muynegativo
confusing => muynegativo
confusion => muynegativo
congratulations => muypositivo
congregational => negativo
congregations => negativo
congress => negativo
congressional => negativo
congressman => muynegativo
congressmen => muynegativo
conjunction => negativo
connected => positivo
connecticut => negativo
connection => positivo
connections => negativo
conscience => positivo
conscientious => positivo
conscious => negativo
consciously => muynegativo
consciousness => positivo
consecutive => muynegativo
consent => positivo
consequence => muynegativo
consequences => muynegativo
consequently => muynegativo
conservation => positivo
conservatism => muynegativo
conservative => muynegativo
consider => negativo
considerable => negativo
considerably => negativo
consideration => positivo
considerations => negativo
considered => negativo
considering => negativo
considers => negativo
consist => negativo
consisted => negativo
consistency => negativo
consistent => negativo
consistently => negativo
consisting => negativo
consists => negativo
console => negativo
consorts => negativo
conspiracy => muynegativo
constant => muynegativo
constantly => negativo
constituents => muynegativo
constitute => negativo
constituted => negativo
constitutes => negativo
constitution => negativo
constitutional => negativo
construct => muynegativo
constructed => positivo
construction => muynegativo
constructive => muynegativo
consult => muynegativo
consultant => positivo
consultation => negativo
consulted => negativo
consulting => negativo
consumed => muynegativo
consumer => negativo
consumption => negativo
contact => negativo
contacts => negativo
contain => negativo
contained => muynegativo
container => muynegativo
containing => muynegativo
contains => negativo
contemporary => negativo
contempt => negativo
contended => negativo
content => negativo
contents => negativo
contest => positivo
context => negativo
continent => negativo
continental => muynegativo
continually => negativo
continuation => negativo
continue => negativo
continued => negativo
continues => negativo
continuing => positivo
continuity => negativo
continuous => negativo
continuously => muynegativo
contours => negativo
contract => negativo
contraction => muynegativo
contracts => muynegativo
contradiction => muynegativo
contrary => muynegativo
contrast => negativo
contrasting => muynegativo
contrasts => muynegativo
contributed => negativo
contributes => positivo
contributing => positivo
contribution => positivo
contributions => muypositivo
contrite => negativo
control => negativo
controlled => negativo
controlling => negativo
controls => negativo
controversial => muynegativo
controversy => muynegativo
convenience => negativo
convenient => negativo
convention => negativo
conventional => muynegativo
conversation => positivo
conversations => positivo
conversion => negativo
convert => negativo
converted => negativo
convey => negativo
convicted => muynegativo
conviction => muynegativo
convictions => muynegativo
convinced => muynegativo
convincing => negativo
cook => positivo
cooked => positivo
cookie => positivo
cooking => positivo
cool => positivo
cooled => positivo
cooler => positivo
cooling => positivo
cooper => negativo
cooperate => positivo
cooperation => positivo
cooperative => positivo
cooperatives => negativo
coordinated => negativo
coordination => positivo
cop => negativo
cope => positivo
copies => muynegativo
copper => negativo
cops => muynegativo
copy => negativo
core => negativo
corn => negativo
corner => negativo
corners => negativo
corp => muynegativo
corporate => negativo
corporation => muynegativo
corporations => negativo
corps => negativo
correct => positivo
correctly => positivo
correlation => positivo
correspondence => negativo
correspondent => positivo
corresponding => negativo
corridor => muynegativo
corruption => muynegativo
cosmic => negativo
cost => muynegativo
costly => muynegativo
costs => negativo
costume => positivo
costumes => positivo
cosy => positivo
cottage => muypositivo
cotton => negativo
couch => muypositivo
could => positivo
could*ve => negativo
couldn*t => negativo
council => negativo
counsel => negativo
counselling => positivo
count => muynegativo
counted => negativo
counter => negativo
counterparts => negativo
counties => negativo
counting => negativo
countless => negativo
countries => negativo
country => negativo
country*s => muynegativo
counts => muynegativo
county => negativo
couple => positivo
coupled => positivo
couples => positivo
courage => positivo
course => negativo
courses => negativo
court => negativo
courts => negativo
cousin => negativo
cover => negativo
coverage => negativo
covered => negativo
covering => negativo
covers => negativo
cow => negativo
cowards => muynegativo
cowboy => negativo
cows => negativo
coyote => negativo
coyote*s => negativo
crabby => muynegativo
crack => negativo
cracked => negativo
cracking => muynegativo
craft => muynegativo
crash => muynegativo
crashed => negativo
crawl => muynegativo
crawled => muynegativo
crazy => muynegativo
cream => negativo
create => negativo
created => negativo
creates => negativo
creating => negativo
creation => positivo
creative => positivo
creator => positivo
creature => negativo
creatures => negativo
credit => positivo
credited => negativo
creek => negativo
creep => muynegativo
creepy => muynegativo
crept => muynegativo
crescent => negativo
crest => negativo
crested => negativo
crevasse => muynegativo
crevices => muynegativo
crew => negativo
cried => negativo
crime => muynegativo
crimes => muynegativo
criminal => muynegativo
cringe => muynegativo
crises => muynegativo
crisis => muynegativo
criteria => negativo
criterion => muynegativo
critic => muynegativo
critical => muynegativo
criticism => muynegativo
criticisms => muynegativo
criticized => muynegativo
critics => muynegativo
croaked => muynegativo
crocuses => negativo
crooks => negativo
crop => negativo
crops => negativo
cross => muynegativo
crossing => negativo
crossroads => negativo
crouched => muynegativo
crowd => muynegativo
crowded => negativo
crowds => muynegativo
crown => muypositivo
crucial => muynegativo
crude => muynegativo
cruel => muynegativo
cruelty => muynegativo
crushed => muynegativo
cry => muynegativo
crying => muynegativo
crystal => positivo
cub => muynegativo
cub*s => negativo
cuba => negativo
cuban => negativo
cubic => negativo
cuddle => positivo
cuddles => muypositivo
cuddling => positivo
cult => muynegativo
cultivated => muynegativo
cultural => negativo
culture => positivo
cultures => positivo
cumulative => negativo
cup => negativo
cups => negativo
curb => negativo
curdles => muynegativo
cure => muypositivo
curiosity => positivo
curious => positivo
curiously => positivo
curled => negativo
currency => negativo
current => positivo
currently => negativo
curriculum => negativo
curs => muynegativo
curse => muynegativo
cursed => muynegativo
curt => negativo
curtain => negativo
curve => muynegativo
curves => negativo
custom => negativo
customary => negativo
customer => muynegativo
customers => negativo
customs => negativo
cut => muynegativo
cutoff => muynegativo
cuts => muynegativo
cutting => muynegativo
cyanide => muynegativo
cycle => negativo
cylinder => negativo
cylindrical => muynegativo
dad => muypositivo
dad*s => positivo
daily => negativo
dairy => negativo
damage => muynegativo
damn => muynegativo
damned => muynegativo
damp => muynegativo
dance => positivo
danced => positivo
dancer => positivo
dancers => positivo
dances => positivo
dancing => positivo
dandy => positivo
danger => muynegativo
dangerous => muynegativo
dangers => muynegativo
dare => muynegativo
dared => muynegativo
daren*t => muynegativo
daresay => negativo
daring => negativo
dark => muynegativo
darkness => muynegativo
darling => negativo
darned => muynegativo
darning => muynegativo
dart => negativo
dart*s => negativo
dash => muynegativo
data => negativo
date => positivo
dated => positivo
dates => muypositivo
daughter => positivo
daughters => muypositivo
dawn => positivo
dawned => negativo
day => positivo
day*s => positivo
daydream => muypositivo
daylight => muypositivo
days => positivo
daytime => positivo
dazzle => positivo
dead => muynegativo
deadlock => negativo
deadly => muynegativo
deaf => negativo
deal => negativo
dealer => negativo
dealers => negativo
dealing => negativo
deals => negativo
dealt => positivo
dean => negativo
dear => positivo
dears => positivo
death => negativo
debate => negativo
debt => negativo
debts => negativo
debut => negativo
decade => negativo
decades => negativo
decay => muynegativo
deceased => negativo
december => negativo
decency => positivo
decent => positivo
decently => muypositivo
decide => positivo
decided => negativo
decides => positivo
deciding => positivo
decision => positivo
decisions => positivo
decisive => negativo
deck => negativo
declaration => negativo
declared => negativo
declares => positivo
declaring => positivo
decline => negativo
declined => muynegativo
decrease => negativo
dedicated => positivo
dedication => muypositivo
deduction => negativo
deductions => negativo
deemed => negativo
deep => negativo
deeper => positivo
deepest => positivo
deeply => negativo
deer => negativo
defeat => muynegativo
defeated => muynegativo
defects => negativo
defend => negativo
defendants => negativo
defended => positivo
defending => negativo
defense => negativo
defenses => negativo
defensive => negativo
deficiencies => muynegativo
deficiency => muynegativo
deficit => muynegativo
defiling => muynegativo
define => negativo
defined => negativo
defining => negativo
definite => negativo
definitely => negativo
definition => negativo
deflated => muynegativo
degraded => negativo
degrades => negativo
degree => positivo
degrees => negativo
dejected => negativo
delay => muynegativo
delayed => negativo
delegates => negativo
delegation => negativo
deliberate => negativo
deliberately => negativo
delicate => positivo
delight => positivo
delighted => positivo
delightful => muypositivo
delirious => negativo
deliver => negativo
delivered => positivo
delivery => positivo
demand => negativo
demanded => negativo
demanding => negativo
demands => negativo
democrat => negativo
democratic => negativo
democrats => negativo
demographic => negativo
demonstrate => negativo
demonstrated => negativo
demonstration => negativo
demoralizing => muynegativo
demoralized => muynegativo
denial => muynegativo
denied => muynegativo
denominations => negativo
density => negativo
dental => negativo
dentist => negativo
denver => positivo
deny => negativo
denying => muynegativo
departing => muynegativo
department => negativo
department*s => negativo
departments => negativo
departure => negativo
depend => negativo
dependence => negativo
dependent => negativo
depending => negativo
depends => negativo
deposited => negativo
depot => negativo
depreciation => negativo
depressed => negativo
depression => negativo
depth => negativo
depths => negativo
deputies => negativo
deputy => negativo
derive => negativo
derived => positivo
descending => negativo
descent => negativo
describe => negativo
described => negativo
describes => positivo
describing => positivo
description => negativo
descriptions => negativo
desegregation => positivo
desert => negativo
deserted => muynegativo
deserve => negativo
deserved => negativo
deserves => positivo
design => negativo
designated => positivo
designed => negativo
designer => positivo
designers => negativo
designs => negativo
desirable => positivo
desire => positivo
desired => positivo
desires => positivo
desk => negativo
despair => muynegativo
desperate => muynegativo
desperately => negativo
despite => negativo
destiny => positivo
destroy => muynegativo
destroyed => muynegativo
destroying => muynegativo
destruction => muynegativo
destructive => negativo
detached => negativo
detail => negativo
detailed => negativo
details => negativo
detect => negativo
detected => muynegativo
detection => negativo
detective => negativo
detectives => negativo
detergent => negativo
determination => positivo
determine => positivo
determined => positivo
determines => negativo
determining => negativo
detroit => negativo
devaluated => negativo
develop => negativo
developed => negativo
developing => positivo
development => positivo
developments => positivo
develops => negativo
deviation => muynegativo
device => negativo
devices => negativo
devil => muynegativo
devilish => negativo
devised => negativo
devote => positivo
devoted => negativo
devoting => negativo
devotion => positivo
diagnosis => negativo
diagnostic => negativo
diagram => negativo
dial => negativo
dialled => negativo
dialogue => positivo
diameter => negativo
dice => negativo
dictatorship => negativo
dictionary => negativo
did => negativo
didn*t => negativo
die => muynegativo
died => muynegativo
dies => muynegativo
diet => negativo
dieting => muynegativo
differ => negativo
differed => negativo
difference => negativo
differences => negativo
different => negativo
differential => negativo
differently => negativo
differs => negativo
difficult => muynegativo
difficulties => muynegativo
difficulty => negativo
diffusion => negativo
dig => negativo
dignity => positivo
dilemma => muynegativo
diligent => positivo
dill => negativo
dim => negativo
dimension => negativo
dimensional => negativo
dimensions => negativo
diminished => muynegativo
dimly => negativo
dimmed => negativo
din => negativo
dining => negativo
dinner => negativo
diplomacy => positivo
diplomatic => positivo
dire => negativo
direct => negativo
directed => negativo
direction => positivo
directions => negativo
directly => negativo
director => negativo
directors => negativo
dirt => negativo
dirty => muynegativo
disabled => muynegativo
disagreement => negativo
disappear => muynegativo
disappeared => negativo
disappointed => negativo
disappointment => negativo
disapproval => muynegativo
disarmament => negativo
disaster => muynegativo
disastrous => muynegativo
discharge => muynegativo
discipline => negativo
disciplined => negativo
disclosed => muynegativo
disclosing => muynegativo
disconnect => muynegativo
discount => positivo
discouraged => negativo
discourse => negativo
discover => positivo
discovered => positivo
discoveries => positivo
discovery => muypositivo
discrepancy => muynegativo
discrete => negativo
discretion => positivo
discrimination => muynegativo
discuss => positivo
discussed => negativo
discussing => negativo
discussion => negativo
discussions => negativo
disease => muynegativo
diseases => muynegativo
disgrace => muynegativo
disgruntled => muynegativo
disguised => muynegativo
disgust => muynegativo
disgusting => muynegativo
dish => negativo
dishes => negativo
disinfectant => muynegativo
disk => negativo
dislike => muynegativo
disliked => muynegativo
dismissed => negativo
disobey => muynegativo
displacement => muynegativo
display => negativo
displayed => positivo
displays => negativo
disposal => muynegativo
disposed => muynegativo
disposition => negativo
dispute => muynegativo
disrespect => muynegativo
disrupts => muynegativo
distance => muynegativo
distances => negativo
distant => muynegativo
distilled => negativo
distinct => negativo
distinction => negativo
distinctions => negativo
distinctive => positivo
distinctly => negativo
distinguish => positivo
distinguished => positivo
distorted => muynegativo
distraught => muynegativo
distress => muynegativo
distributed => negativo
distribution => negativo
distributions => negativo
district => negativo
districts => negativo
disturb => muynegativo
disturbance => muynegativo
disturbed => muynegativo
disturbing => muynegativo
ditch => muynegativo
dive => positivo
diverse => positivo
diversity => positivo
divide => muynegativo
divided => muynegativo
divine => positivo
division => muynegativo
divisions => negativo
divorce => muynegativo
do => muynegativo
doc => negativo
docility => negativo
doctor => positivo
doctor*s => negativo
doctors => negativo
doctrine => muynegativo
document => muynegativo
documents => muynegativo
dodge => negativo
does => negativo
doesn*t => muynegativo
dog => muypositivo
doggie => positivo
doggy => positivo
dogs => positivo
doing => negativo
doleful => negativo
doll => positivo
dollar => muypositivo
dollars => muypositivo
dolls => positivo
dolores => negativo
dome => negativo
domestic => negativo
dominance => muynegativo
dominant => negativo
dominated => muynegativo
domination => muynegativo
dominican => negativo
don => negativo
don*t => muynegativo
done => positivo
donkeys => negativo
doomed => muynegativo
door => negativo
doors => negativo
doorway => negativo
dopey => muynegativo
dose => muynegativo
doses => muynegativo
dossiers => muynegativo
dot => negativo
dots => negativo
double => negativo
doubled => negativo
doubt => muynegativo
doubtful => muynegativo
doubtless => negativo
doubts => muynegativo
dough => positivo
down => muynegativo
downstairs => negativo
downtown => negativo
downward => muynegativo
dozen => negativo
dozens => negativo
dr => negativo
draft => negativo
drag => muynegativo
dragged => muynegativo
dragging => muynegativo
drain => muynegativo
drainage => muynegativo
drama => positivo
dramatic => negativo
dramaticallY => negativo
drank => muynegativo
drape => negativo
drapes => negativo
drastic => negativo
drastically => muynegativo
draw => muynegativo
drawback => muynegativo
drawing => positivo
drawings => positivo
drawn => negativo
draws => negativo
dreadful => muynegativo
dream => muypositivo
dreamboat => positivo
dreamed => muypositivo
dreaming => muypositivo
dreams => positivo
dreamt => positivo
drench => muynegativo
dress => positivo
dressed => positivo
dresses => negativo
dressing => negativo
drew => negativo
dribble => muynegativo
dried => muynegativo
drift => muynegativo
drifting => muynegativo
drill => muynegativo
drilling => muynegativo
drink => negativo
drinking => positivo
drinks => negativo
drippy => negativo
drive => positivo
driven => negativo
driver => negativo
drivers => negativo
driveway => negativo
driving => negativo
droop => muynegativo
droopy => muynegativo
drop => muynegativo
dropped => muynegativo
dropping => muynegativo
drops => muynegativo
drove => negativo
drowsy => muynegativo
drug => muynegativo
drugs => muynegativo
drum => negativo
drums => negativo
drunk => negativo
dry => negativo
drying => negativo
dude => muynegativo
due => muynegativo
dug => muynegativo
duke => negativo
dull => muynegativo
duly => negativo
dumb => muynegativo
dung => muynegativo
durable => negativo
duration => negativo
during => negativo
dust => muynegativo
dustbins => negativo
dusty => muynegativo
dutch => muynegativo
duties => negativo
duty => muynegativo
dwelling => negativo
dwelt => muynegativo
dwight => negativo
dying => muynegativo
dynamic => positivo
dysfunction => muynegativo
dysfunctional => muynegativo
each => negativo
eager => positivo
eagerly => negativo
ear => negativo
earl => negativo
earlier => negativo
earliest => negativo
early => muynegativo
earn => positivo
earned => positivo
earnest => negativo
earnestly => negativo
earnings => positivo
ears => negativo
earshot => negativo
earth => positivo
earth*s => positivo
earthshaking => negativo
earthy => positivo
ease => muypositivo
easier => positivo
easiest => positivo
easily => positivo
east => negativo
easter => positivo
eastern => negativo
easy => positivo
eat => muypositivo
eaten => positivo
eating => positivo
eccentric => negativo
echo => negativo
economic => muynegativo
economical => negativo
economically => negativo
economics => muynegativo
economy => muynegativo
ecumenical => negativo
edge => negativo
edges => negativo
edict => negativo
edition => negativo
editions => negativo
editor => negativo
editorial => negativo
editorials => negativo
editors => negativo
educated => muypositivo
education => positivo
educational => positivo
educator => positivo
effect => negativo
effected => negativo
effective => negativo
effectively => negativo
effects => negativo
efficiency => positivo
efficient => positivo
effigy => negativo
effort => positivo
efforts => positivo
eg => negativo
egg => negativo
eggs => negativo
ego => negativo
eight => negativo
eighteen => negativo
eighteenth => negativo
eighth => negativo
eighty => negativo
either => negativo
elaborate => positivo
elbow => negativo
elder => negativo
elderly => negativo
elected => negativo
election => negativo
elections => negativo
electoral => negativo
electric => negativo
electrical => negativo
electricity => negativo
electron => negativo
electronic => negativo
electronics => negativo
electrons => negativo
elegance => positivo
elegant => positivo
element => negativo
elemental => positivo
elementary => positivo
elements => positivo
elephants => positivo
elevated => negativo
elevator => negativo
eleven => negativo
eligible => positivo
eliminate => muynegativo
eliminated => negativo
eliminating => negativo
elite => negativo
eloquent => negativo
else => negativo
elsewhere => negativo
elude => muynegativo
emancipation => positivo
embarrassing => negativo
embassy => negativo
embers => positivo
embodiment => negativo
embrace => positivo
emerge => negativo
emerged => positivo
emergency => negativo
emerging => negativo
emotion => positivo
emotional => positivo
emotionally => positivo
emotions => muypositivo
emperor => negativo
emphasis => negativo
emphasize => negativo
emphasized => negativo
empire => positivo
empirical => negativo
employ => negativo
employed => negativo
employee => positivo
employees => positivo
employer => positivo
employers => positivo
employing => positivo
employment => positivo
employs => positivo
empowerment => negativo
empty => muynegativo
emptying => negativo
enable => positivo
enabled => positivo
enabling => positivo
enacted => negativo
enclosed => negativo
encounter => positivo
encountered => positivo
encourage => positivo
encouraged => positivo
encouragement => muypositivo
encouraging => positivo
end => negativo
endeavour => negativo
ended => negativo
ending => negativo
endless => negativo
ends => negativo
endurance => negativo
endured => negativo
enduring => positivo
enemies => muynegativo
enemy => muynegativo
energetic => positivo
energies => negativo
energy => negativo
enforced => negativo
enforcement => negativo
engage => positivo
engaged => positivo
engagement => positivo
engine => negativo
engineer => negativo
engineering => negativo
engineers => negativo
engines => positivo
english => positivo
englishman => positivo
enjoy => positivo
enjoyed => positivo
enjoying => positivo
enjoyment => positivo
enjoys => positivo
enlisted => negativo
enlivening => muypositivo
enormous => positivo
enough => negativo
enquiries => negativo
enrage => negativo
ensemble => positivo
enter => negativo
entered => negativo
entering => negativo
enterprise => positivo
enterprises => negativo
enters => positivo
entertain => positivo
entertained => positivo
entertaining => positivo
entertainment => muypositivo
enthusiasm => positivo
enthusiastic => positivo
entire => negativo
entirely => muynegativo
entities => negativo
entitled => negativo
entity => muynegativo
entrance => negativo
entreat => positivo
entries => negativo
entry => negativo
envelope => negativo
envious => negativo
environment => negativo
enzymes => positivo
epic => negativo
epidemic => negativo
episode => positivo
equal => positivo
equality => positivo
equally => positivo
equation => negativo
equations => negativo
equestrian => positivo
equilibrium => positivo
equipment => positivo
equipped => positivo
equitable => positivo
equivalent => negativo
era => positivo
erase => negativo
erect => positivo
erected => positivo
errands => negativo
error => negativo
errors => negativo
escape => negativo
escaped => positivo
especially => positivo
essay => negativo
essence => positivo
essential => positivo
essentially => negativo
establish => positivo
established => positivo
establishing => positivo
establishment => positivo
estate => negativo
estimate => negativo
estimated => negativo
estimates => negativo
etc => negativo
eternal => positivo
ethical => negativo
ethics => negativo
ethnic => muynegativo
european => negativo
evaluate => negativo
evaluated => negativo
evaluation => negativo
even => negativo
evening => negativo
evenings => positivo
event => positivo
eventful => positivo
events => positivo
eventual => negativo
eventually => negativo
ever => positivo
every => negativo
everybody => positivo
everyday => negativo
everyone => positivo
everything => negativo
everywhere => positivo
evidence => positivo
evidenced => positivo
evident => negativo
evidently => negativo
evil => negativo
evoking => negativo
evolution => positivo
exact => negativo
exactly => positivo
exaggerated => negativo
exam => negativo
examination => negativo
examine => negativo
examined => negativo
examiner => negativo
example => positivo
examples => positivo
exams => negativo
exceed => positivo
exceeds => negativo
excellence => positivo
excellent => positivo
except => negativo
exception => muynegativo
exceptional => positivo
exceptions => negativo
excess => negativo
excessive => negativo
exchange => negativo
excited => positivo
excitement => positivo
exciting => positivo
exclaimed => positivo
excluding => negativo
exclusive => negativo
exclusively => negativo
excuse => positivo
executed => negativo
execution => negativo
executive => positivo
exercise => muypositivo
exercised => positivo
exercises => muypositivo
exercycle => negativo
exert => positivo
exerted => positivo
exhausted => negativo
exhausting => negativo
exhaustion => negativo
exhibit => negativo
exhibited => negativo
exhibition => positivo
exhibits => negativo
exiles => negativo
exist => positivo
existed => positivo
existence => positivo
existing => muypositivo
exists => positivo
expand => positivo
expanded => negativo
expanding => negativo
expansion => positivo
expect => positivo
expectation => positivo
expectations => negativo
expected => negativo
expecting => positivo
expects => positivo
expedition => negativo
expended => muynegativo
expenditure => negativo
expenditures => muynegativo
expense => muynegativo
expenses => muynegativo
expensive => muynegativo
experience => positivo
experienced => negativo
experiences => positivo
experiment => negativo
experimental => muynegativo
experimentation => negativo
experiments => negativo
expert => positivo
experts => negativo
explain => negativo
explained => negativo
explaining => negativo
explains => negativo
explanation => negativo
explanations => muynegativo
explicit => muynegativo
exploration => positivo
explore => positivo
explored => muypositivo
exploring => positivo
explosion => muynegativo
export => negativo
exports => negativo
exposed => negativo
exposure => muynegativo
express => positivo
expressed => negativo
expressing => negativo
expression => negativo
expressions => negativo
expressway => muynegativo
extend => negativo
extended => negativo
extending => positivo
extends => negativo
extension => negativo
extensive => negativo
extensively => negativo
extent => negativo
exterminate => muynegativo
external => negativo
extra => positivo
extraordinary => muypositivo
extreme => muypositivo
extremely => positivo
exult => negativo
eye => positivo
eyes => positivo
eyeteeth => negativo
fabric => negativo
fabrics => negativo
face => positivo
faced => negativo
faces => negativo
facilitate => negativo
facilities => negativo
facility => positivo
facing => positivo
fact => negativo
factor => negativo
factories => muynegativo
factors => negativo
factory => negativo
facts => negativo
faculty => negativo
faded => muynegativo
fail => muynegativo
failed => muynegativo
failing => muynegativo
fails => muynegativo
failure => muynegativo
faint => muynegativo
fair => muypositivo
fairly => positivo
faith => positivo
faithful => muypositivo
fake => muynegativo
fall => negativo
fallen => muynegativo
falling => muynegativo
fallout => muynegativo
falls => muynegativo
false => muynegativo
fame => muypositivo
familiar => positivo
familiarity => negativo
families => muypositivo
family => positivo
famous => positivo
fan => positivo
fanatic => muynegativo
fancy => muypositivo
fans => positivo
fantastic => positivo
fantasy => muypositivo
far => muynegativo
farewell => muynegativo
farm => negativo
farmer => negativo
farmers => negativo
farming => positivo
farms => negativo
farsighted => muynegativo
farther => muynegativo
fascinating => muypositivo
fashion => muypositivo
fashionable => positivo
fast => positivo
fastened => positivo
faster => positivo
fat => muynegativo
fatal => muynegativo
fate => negativo
father => positivo
father*s => positivo
fathers => positivo
fatigue => muynegativo
fats => muynegativo
faucet => negativo
favor => positivo
favorable => muypositivo
favorably => positivo
favored => positivo
favorite => positivo
favorites => muypositivo
favors => muypositivo
favoured => positivo
favourite => positivo
favours => positivo
fbi => muynegativo
fear => muynegativo
feared => muynegativo
fearful => muynegativo
fears => muynegativo
feasible => negativo
feathers => negativo
feature => negativo
features => positivo
february => negativo
federal => muynegativo
federation => negativo
fee => muynegativo
feed => positivo
feeding => positivo
feeds => positivo
feel => muypositivo
feeling => muypositivo
feelings => positivo
feels => negativo
fees => muynegativo
feet => muynegativo
fell => muynegativo
fellow => negativo
fellows => positivo
fellowship => negativo
felon => muynegativo
felt => positivo
female => positivo
females => positivo
feminine => positivo
fen => negativo
fence => negativo
fences => negativo
ferrari => positivo
ferry => negativo
fertility => positivo
festival => muypositivo
fever => muynegativo
few => muynegativo
fewer => muynegativo
fiat => negativo
fiber => negativo
fibers => negativo
fiction => positivo
fictional => positivo
fidgeted => muynegativo
fidgeting => muynegativo
field => negativo
fields => negativo
fiercer => muynegativo
fifteen => negativo
fifth => negativo
fifties => muynegativo
fifty => negativo
fig => muynegativo
fight => muynegativo
fighters => negativo
fighting => muynegativo
figs => negativo
figure => negativo
figured => negativo
figures => negativo
file => negativo
filed => negativo
files => negativo
filing => negativo
fill => negativo
filled => negativo
filling => negativo
film => negativo
films => positivo
final => muynegativo
finally => negativo
finals => muynegativo
finance => negativo
financed => negativo
financial => negativo
financing => muynegativo
find => positivo
finding => positivo
findings => positivo
finds => positivo
fine => positivo
finest => muypositivo
finger => negativo
fingers => negativo
finish => positivo
finished => positivo
finite => negativo
fire => negativo
fired => muynegativo
fires => negativo
firewood => negativo
firing => muynegativo
firm => positivo
firmly => negativo
firms => negativo
first => positivo
fiscal => negativo
fish => negativo
fished => negativo
fishing => negativo
fishy => muynegativo
fist => muynegativo
fists => muynegativo
fit => positivo
fits => negativo
fitted => positivo
fitting => negativo
five => negativo
fix => negativo
fixed => negativo
fixing => negativo
flag => muynegativo
flamboyant => muypositivo
flame => negativo
flames => negativo
flash => muynegativo
flashback => negativo
flashed => negativo
flat => muynegativo
flatter => negativo
flattering => positivo
flavor => positivo
flawed => muynegativo
fled => muynegativo
flee => muynegativo
fleece => positivo
fleeing => muynegativo
fleet => negativo
fleeting => muynegativo
flesh => negativo
flew => negativo
flexibility => negativo
flexible => positivo
flies => negativo
flight => negativo
flights => muynegativo
flinging => muynegativo
flirt => positivo
flirted => positivo
flirting => positivo
flirts => positivo
flitted => muynegativo
floating => negativo
flock => negativo
flood => muynegativo
floor => negativo
floors => negativo
floppy => muynegativo
flow => negativo
flower => muypositivo
flowers => positivo
flowing => negativo
fluid => negativo
fluids => negativo
flung => negativo
flush => negativo
flute => negativo
flutes => negativo
flux => negativo
fly => negativo
flying => positivo
foam => negativo
focus => negativo
focused => negativo
fog => muynegativo
foggy => muynegativo
foil => muynegativo
folded => muynegativo
foliage => negativo
folk => muynegativo
folklore => muynegativo
folks => negativo
follow => muynegativo
followed => negativo
followers => muynegativo
following => muynegativo
follows => negativo
folly => muynegativo
fond => positivo
font => negativo
food => positivo
foods => positivo
fool => muynegativo
foolish => negativo
foot => muynegativo
football => negativo
for => negativo
forbidden => muynegativo
force => negativo
forced => muynegativo
forces => negativo
forcing => muynegativo
ford => negativo
forecast => negativo
foregoing => negativo
forehead => negativo
foreign => negativo
foreign-policy => muynegativo
foreigners => negativo
foremost => muynegativo
forest => negativo
forests => positivo
forever => negativo
forge => muynegativo
forget => muynegativo
forgets => muynegativo
forgive => muypositivo
forgiveness => positivo
forgot => muynegativo
forgotten => muynegativo
fork => negativo
form => muynegativo
formal => negativo
formally => negativo
formation => muynegativo
formed => muynegativo
former => muynegativo
formerly => negativo
formidable => negativo
forming => negativo
forms => muynegativo
formulas => negativo
formulated => negativo
formulation => negativo
formulations => negativo
fort => negativo
forth => negativo
forthcoming => negativo
fortunate => negativo
fortunately => positivo
fortune => muypositivo
forty => negativo
forum => muynegativo
forward => negativo
foster => negativo
fought => muynegativo
found => negativo
foundation => negativo
foundation*s => muynegativo
foundations => negativo
founded => muynegativo
founder => negativo
founding => muynegativo
fountain => negativo
four => negativo
fourteen => negativo
fourth => muynegativo
fowl => muynegativo
fox => negativo
foxes => positivo
fraction => negativo
fractions => negativo
fracture => muynegativo
fractured => muynegativo
fragile => negativo
fragments => negativo
frame => muynegativo
framed => muynegativo
frames => muynegativo
framework => negativo
framing => muynegativo
frankfurter => negativo
frankly => positivo
frantic => muynegativo
freaked => muynegativo
freaking => muynegativo
freaks => negativo
free => positivo
freed => positivo
freedom => positivo
freely => negativo
freeman => positivo
freezing => muynegativo
freight => negativo
french => negativo
frenzied => muynegativo
frequencies => negativo
frequency => negativo
frequent => negativo
frequently => negativo
fresh => positivo
fret => muynegativo
fretful => muynegativo
friction => muynegativo
friday => negativo
friend => muypositivo
friend*s => positivo
friendly => muypositivo
friends => muypositivo
friendship => positivo
frieze => negativo
frighten => muynegativo
frightened => muynegativo
frightening => muynegativo
fringe => negativo
frippery => muynegativo
frisbee => negativo
from => negativo
front => negativo
frontier => negativo
frown => muynegativo
frowning => muynegativo
frozen => muynegativo
fruit => negativo
fruits => positivo
frustrated => muynegativo
frustration => muynegativo
fuck => positivo
fucked => positivo
fucking => positivo
fudge => negativo
fuel => muynegativo
fulfilled => positivo
fulfillment => positivo
full => negativo
full-time => negativo
fully => negativo
fulsome => negativo
fun => muypositivo
function => negativo
functional => negativo
functioning => negativo
functions => muynegativo
fund => negativo
fundamental => negativo
funds => positivo
funeral => muynegativo
funny => positivo
fur => muynegativo
furiously => muynegativo
furled => muynegativo
furnace => negativo
furnish => muynegativo
furnished => negativo
furniture => negativo
further => negativo
furthermore => muynegativo
furthest => muynegativo
fury => muynegativo
fusion => negativo
future => positivo
gain => positivo
gained => positivo
gaining => muypositivo
gains => positivo
gallery => negativo
galoshes => muynegativo
gambling => muynegativo
game => negativo
games => positivo
gang => muynegativo
gap => negativo
garage => muynegativo
garden => negativo
gardens => positivo
gas => negativo
gasoline => negativo
gate => negativo
gates => negativo
gather => negativo
gathered => negativo
gathering => negativo
gauge => negativo
gave => positivo
gawked => muynegativo
gay => muynegativo
gaze => negativo
gazette => muynegativo
gear => negativo
general => muynegativo
generally => muynegativo
generals => muynegativo
generated => muynegativo
generation => negativo
generations => negativo
generator => muynegativo
generous => positivo
genially => negativo
genius => positivo
gentile => positivo
gentle => positivo
gentleman => negativo
gentlemen => negativo
gently => positivo
gentry => muynegativo
genuine => positivo
genuinely => positivo
geographical => negativo
german => negativo
gesture => muynegativo
get => negativo
gets => muynegativo
getting => negativo
ghetto => muynegativo
ghost => muynegativo
giant => negativo
giants => negativo
gift => positivo
gifted => muypositivo
gifts => positivo
gigantic => negativo
giggle => muypositivo
gin => negativo
girl => negativo
girl*s => negativo
girlfriend => positivo
girlfriends => muypositivo
girls => muypositivo
give => positivo
given => positivo
gives => positivo
giving => muypositivo
glad => muypositivo
glance => negativo
glanced => negativo
glass => muynegativo
glasses => negativo
glaze => negativo
glided => negativo
glimpse => negativo
glittered => negativo
gloat => muynegativo
globe => muynegativo
gloom => muynegativo
glorious => muypositivo
glory => muypositivo
glossy => positivo
glow => muypositivo
glowing => muypositivo
glued => negativo
gnaw => muynegativo
go => negativo
goal => positivo
goalie => negativo
goals => positivo
goaltender => negativo
god => positivo
god*s => positivo
god-fearing => muynegativo
godly => positivo
gods => negativo
goes => negativo
goggle => muynegativo
going => negativo
gold => muypositivo
golden => positivo
golf => negativo
gone => negativo
goo => muynegativo
good => muypositivo
goodies => positivo
goods => positivo
goof => negativo
gospel => negativo
gossip => muynegativo
gossips => muynegativo
got => muynegativo
governed => muynegativo
governing => negativo
government => muynegativo
government*s => negativo
governmental => muynegativo
governments => muynegativo
governor => negativo
governor*s => negativo
gown => negativo
grab => muynegativo
grabbed => muynegativo
grace => muypositivo
graceful => muypositivo
grade => negativo
grades => negativo
gradient => muynegativo
gradual => negativo
gradually => muynegativo
graduate => muypositivo
graduated => muypositivo
graduates => muypositivo
graduation => muypositivo
grain => negativo
grains => negativo
gram => muynegativo
grams => muynegativo
grand => negativo
grander => negativo
grandfather => muypositivo
grandma => muypositivo
grandmother => muypositivo
grandpa => muypositivo
granny => muypositivo
granny*s => positivo
grant => negativo
granted => positivo
grants => positivo
grasp => negativo
grasped => muynegativo
grass => negativo
grateful => positivo
grave => muynegativo
gray => muynegativo
great => muypositivo
greater => muypositivo
greatest => muypositivo
greatly => muypositivo
greatness => positivo
greek => negativo
green => negativo
greeted => negativo
greets => positivo
grew => positivo
grey => muynegativo
greying => negativo
grief => muynegativo
grieve => muynegativo
grill => muynegativo
grim => muynegativo
grimly => muynegativo
grimness => muynegativo
grin => muypositivo
grinned => positivo
grip => negativo
gripped => muynegativo
gritted => muynegativo
gross => muynegativo
grouch => muynegativo
grouchy => muynegativo
ground => negativo
grounds => muynegativo
group => negativo
groups => negativo
grove => negativo
grow => muypositivo
growing => muypositivo
growling => muynegativo
grown => positivo
grown-up => positivo
grows => negativo
growth => positivo
grumpy => muynegativo
grunts => muynegativo
guarantee => positivo
guaranteed => muypositivo
guard => negativo
guardedly => negativo
guards => negativo
guerilla => negativo
guerrillas => negativo
guess => muynegativo
guessed => muynegativo
guest => muypositivo
guests => muypositivo
guidance => muypositivo
guide => muypositivo
guided => positivo
guidelines => negativo
guiding => positivo
guilt => muynegativo
guilty => muynegativo
guitar => positivo
gulf => muynegativo
gulls => negativo
gulping => negativo
gum => negativo
gumshoe => negativo
gun => muynegativo
gunk => muynegativo
guns => negativo
guru => negativo
guy => negativo
guy*s => positivo
habit => negativo
habitat => negativo
habitats => muynegativo
habits => negativo
had => muynegativo
hades => muynegativo
hadn*t => muynegativo
hags => muynegativo
hail => negativo
hair => positivo
haired => muynegativo
hairs => muynegativo
hairstyle => positivo
half => muynegativo
halfway => muynegativo
hall => negativo
halt => muynegativo
halted => muynegativo
ham => positivo
hand => negativo
handcuffed => muynegativo
handcuffs => negativo
handed => muynegativo
handful => muynegativo
handicapped => muynegativo
handle => muynegativo
handled => muynegativo
handling => muynegativo
handrail => negativo
hands => positivo
handsome => muypositivo
handy => positivo
hang => muynegativo
hanging => muynegativo
hank => negativo
happen => negativo
happened => negativo
happening => negativo
happens => negativo
happier => muypositivo
happily => muypositivo
happiness => muypositivo
happy => muypositivo
harbor => muynegativo
hard => muynegativo
harder => muynegativo
hardest => muynegativo
hardly => muynegativo
hardware => muynegativo
hardy => negativo
hare => muynegativo
harm => muynegativo
harmony => positivo
harms => muynegativo
harness => negativo
harried => muynegativo
harsh => muynegativo
hart => muynegativo
harvest => negativo
has => negativo
hasn*t => muynegativo
hastily => muynegativo
hat => negativo
hate => muynegativo
hated => muynegativo
hatred => muynegativo
hats => muynegativo
have => positivo
haven => negativo
haven*t => negativo
having => negativo
hawk => negativo
hay => muynegativo
hazard => muynegativo
hazards => muynegativo
he => negativo
he*d => positivo
he*ll => negativo
he*s => negativo
he/she => positivo
head => muynegativo
headed => negativo
heading => muynegativo
headlight => negativo
headquarters => muynegativo
heads => negativo
headstrong => negativo
heals => negativo
health => muypositivo
healthy => muypositivo
heap => negativo
hear => negativo
heard => negativo
hearing => positivo
heart => muypositivo
heart*s => muypositivo
hearts => positivo
heat => negativo
heated => positivo
heater => positivo
heating => positivo
heaven => muypositivo
heavier => muynegativo
heavily => muynegativo
heavy => muynegativo
hebrew => negativo
heck => muynegativo
hedgehog => negativo
heels => negativo
hefted => negativo
height => negativo
heights => muypositivo
held => positivo
helium => negativo
hell => muynegativo
hello => positivo
helmet => negativo
help => negativo
helped => positivo
helpful => positivo
helping => positivo
helpless => negativo
helps => positivo
hemisphere => negativo
hen => negativo
hence => negativo
her => positivo
herald => negativo
herd => negativo
here => negativo
here*s => negativo
heritage => positivo
hermit => negativo
hermit*s => negativo
hero => muypositivo
heroes => muypositivo
heroic => muypositivo
hers => negativo
herself => positivo
hesitate => negativo
hesitated => negativo
hey => negativo
hibernate => negativo
hicks => negativo
hidden => negativo
hide => negativo
hideous => muynegativo
hiding => negativo
hiding-place => negativo
hierarchy => negativo
high => positivo
higher => positivo
highest => negativo
highly => negativo
highway => negativo
highways => negativo
hill => positivo
hills => positivo
hilltop => muypositivo
hilly => positivo
him => negativo
him/her => negativo
himself => negativo
hinterland => positivo
hints => positivo
hip => negativo
hippy => positivo
hire => positivo
hired => negativo
his => negativo
historian => negativo
historians => negativo
historic => negativo
historical => negativo
historically => negativo
histories => negativo
history => negativo
hit => muynegativo
hits => muynegativo
hitting => muynegativo
hmm => muynegativo
ho => muynegativo
ho-ho => positivo
hoarded => muynegativo
hoax => muynegativo
hockey => negativo
hoe => negativo
hold => muypositivo
holder => negativo
holding => positivo
holds => positivo
hole => negativo
holes => muynegativo
holiday => muypositivo
holidays => muypositivo
hollow => muynegativo
hollywood => positivo
holster => negativo
holy => muypositivo
home => muypositivo
homeless => muynegativo
homeroom => negativo
homes => negativo
homespun => negativo
hometown => positivo
homeward => positivo
homework => negativo
homicidal => muynegativo
honest => muypositivo
honestly => muypositivo
honesty => muypositivo
honey => muypositivo
honeymoon => muypositivo
honked => negativo
honor => muypositivo
honorable => muypositivo
honored => muypositivo
honors => positivo
hooker => negativo
hookey => negativo
hooking => muynegativo
hoots => negativo
hope => muypositivo
hoped => negativo
hopeful => muypositivo
hopeless => muynegativo
hopes => positivo
hoping => positivo
horizon => muypositivo
hormone => negativo
horn => negativo
horrible => muynegativo
horror => muynegativo
horse => positivo
horses => positivo
hospital => negativo
hospitals => negativo
host => positivo
hostile => muynegativo
hot => muypositivo
hotel => positivo
hotels => positivo
hour => negativo
hours => negativo
house => negativo
housed => negativo
household => negativo
houses => negativo
housing => positivo
hovered => negativo
how => muynegativo
how*re => negativo
how*s => negativo
however => muynegativo
howled => negativo
hub => negativo
huddled => negativo
huge => negativo
hugs => muypositivo
hull => negativo
human => positivo
humanity => positivo
humble => positivo
humiliating => muynegativo
humor => muypositivo
humorous => muypositivo
humour => muypositivo
humped => positivo
humps => negativo
hundred => negativo
hundreds => negativo
hung => negativo
hunger => muynegativo
hungry => muynegativo
hunh => muynegativo
hunks => positivo
hunt => negativo
hunter => negativo
hunting => negativo
hurried => muynegativo
hurry => negativo
hurt => muynegativo
husband => muypositivo
husband*s => positivo
husbands => negativo
hut => negativo
hydrogen => negativo
hyper => positivo
hyperventilate => negativo
hypnotize => positivo
hypodermic => negativo
hypothalamus => negativo
hypothesis => negativo
hysterical => negativo
i => positivo
i*d => negativo
i*ll => positivo
i*m => positivo
i*ve => positivo
ice => muynegativo
icy => positivo
idea => positivo
ideal => positivo
ideally => muypositivo
ideals => positivo
ideas => positivo
identical => negativo
identification => negativo
identified => negativo
identify => positivo
identities => negativo
identity => negativo
ideological => negativo
ideology => muynegativo
idle => muynegativo
ie => negativo
if => negativo
ignorance => muynegativo
ignorant => muynegativo
ignore => muynegativo
ignored => muynegativo
ill => muynegativo
illiterate => muynegativo
illness => muynegativo
illuminated => positivo
illusion => negativo
illustrate => negativo
illustrated => negativo
illustration => positivo
illustrations => positivo
image => positivo
imagery => muypositivo
images => positivo
imaginary => positivo
imagination => muypositivo
imaginative => muypositivo
imagine => muypositivo
imagined => positivo
imagining => positivo
imitation => negativo
immediate => positivo
immediately => negativo
immense => negativo
immigrants => negativo
immigration => negativo
immortality => negativo
impact => muynegativo
impatience => muynegativo
impatient => muynegativo
imperative => negativo
imperial => negativo
imperious => negativo
impersonal => muynegativo
impersonate => negativo
implication => negativo
implications => negativo
implicit => negativo
implied => negativo
implies => negativo
imply => negativo
import => negativo
importance => positivo
important => positivo
imports => negativo
imposed => negativo
impossible => muynegativo
impregnate => negativo
impressed => positivo
impression => negativo
impressions => negativo
impressive => positivo
imprison => muynegativo
improve => positivo
improved => positivo
improvement => positivo
improvements => positivo
improves => negativo
improving => negativo
impulse => negativo
impulses => muynegativo
impulsive => negativo
in => negativo
inability => muynegativo
inadequate => muynegativo
incapable => muynegativo
inceptive => negativo
incest => muynegativo
inch => positivo
inched => positivo
inches => negativo
incidence => negativo
incident => negativo
incidentally => negativo
incidents => negativo
inclined => negativo
include => negativo
included => positivo
includes => negativo
including => positivo
income => positivo
incomplete => muynegativo
inconsistency => muynegativo
incorporated => negativo
increase => positivo
increased => negativo
increases => positivo
increasing => negativo
increasingly => negativo
incredible => muypositivo
indebted => negativo
indeed => negativo
independence => muypositivo
independent => positivo
independently => muypositivo
index => negativo
indian => positivo
indicate => negativo
indicated => negativo
indicates => positivo
indicating => positivo
indication => positivo
indications => negativo
indictment => negativo
indifference => negativo
indifferent => negativo
indignant => negativo
indirect => negativo
indirectly => muynegativo
indiscriminate => negativo
indispensable => positivo
individual => positivo
individual*s => positivo
individually => positivo
individuals => positivo
indrawn => negativo
induced => negativo
industrial => positivo
industries => positivo
industry => positivo
industry*s => negativo
ineffable => negativo
ineptly => negativo
inevitable => muynegativo
inevitably => negativo
infancy => positivo
infant => muypositivo
infantry => negativo
infarction => muynegativo
infectious => muynegativo
infinite => negativo
influence => negativo
influenced => muynegativo
influences => negativo
influential => positivo
info => negativo
informal => positivo
information => negativo
informed => negativo
informer => negativo
infrared => positivo
ingenious => muypositivo
inhabitants => positivo
inherent => negativo
inherited => positivo
initial => negativo
initially => negativo
initiated => negativo
initiative => muypositivo
injured => muynegativo
injuries => muynegativo
injuring => muynegativo
injury => muynegativo
injustice => muynegativo
inner => negativo
inning => positivo
innocence => muypositivo
innocent => muypositivo
input => negativo
inquired => negativo
inquiries => negativo
inquiry => negativo
insane => muynegativo
insect => muynegativo
insects => muynegativo
inseminate => muynegativo
insensible => muynegativo
insert => negativo
inserted => negativo
inside => negativo
insight => muypositivo
insights => negativo
insist => negativo
insisted => negativo
insistence => negativo
insists => negativo
insoluble => negativo
inspect => negativo
inspection => negativo
inspector => negativo
inspired => muypositivo
installation => negativo
installations => negativo
installed => negativo
instance => positivo
instances => negativo
instant => negativo
instantly => positivo
instead => positivo
instill => negativo
instinct => positivo
instinctively => positivo
institute => negativo
instituted => negativo
institution => positivo
institutions => negativo
instructed => positivo
instruction => negativo
instructions => negativo
instrument => positivo
instrumental => muypositivo
instruments => positivo
insulation => negativo
insurance => positivo
insure => negativo
intact => negativo
integral => negativo
integrated => negativo
integration => negativo
integrity => muypositivo
intellectual => muypositivo
intellectuals => positivo
intelligence => muypositivo
intelligent => muypositivo
intelligible => positivo
intend => negativo
intended => negativo
intense => muypositivo
intensely => negativo
intensity => negativo
intensive => negativo
intent => negativo
intention => negativo
intentions => negativo
interaction => positivo
intercom => negativo
interest => muypositivo
interested => muypositivo
interesting => muypositivo
interests => positivo
interference => negativo
interim => negativo
interior => positivo
intermediate => negativo
intermission => positivo
internal => negativo
international => positivo
interpret => negativo
interpretation => negativo
interpretations => negativo
interpreted => positivo
interrupted => negativo
interruption => muynegativo
intersection => negativo
interstate => positivo
interval => negativo
intervals => negativo
intervention => muynegativo
interview => negativo
interviewed => negativo
interviews => negativo
intimate => muypositivo
intimidation => muynegativo
into => negativo
intricate => negativo
introduce => positivo
introduced => positivo
introduction => positivo
introversion => negativo
intuition => muypositivo
invariably => negativo
invasion => muynegativo
invented => positivo
inventing => positivo
invention => muypositivo
inventories => negativo
inventory => negativo
invested => positivo
investigate => negativo
investigated => positivo
investigation => negativo
investigations => positivo
investigators => positivo
investment => positivo
investors => negativo
invincible => positivo
invitation => muypositivo
invitations => muypositivo
invite => muypositivo
invited => positivo
involve => positivo
involved => positivo
involvement => positivo
involves => negativo
involving => negativo
irish => positivo
iron => muynegativo
ironic => positivo
ironies => negativo
irony => negativo
irrelevant => muynegativo
is => negativo
island => positivo
islands => positivo
isn*t => muynegativo
isolated => muynegativo
issue => negativo
issued => positivo
issues => negativo
it => negativo
it*ll => negativo
it*s => negativo
italian => negativo
item => positivo
items => positivo
its => negativo
itself => negativo
ivory => positivo
jack => negativo
jacket => positivo
jail => muynegativo
january => negativo
japanese => positivo
jar => positivo
javelin => muynegativo
jaw => negativo
jaws => negativo
jay => negativo
jazz => positivo
jeans => positivo
jeep => positivo
jeering => negativo
jeez => negativo
jell => positivo
jello => muypositivo
jerked => muynegativo
jerks => muynegativo
jest => positivo
jesus => muypositivo
jet => positivo
jew => muynegativo
jewel => muypositivo
jeweller => positivo
jews => negativo
jibe => muynegativo
job => positivo
jobs => positivo
jock => negativo
jog => negativo
jogged => muynegativo
join => positivo
joined => positivo
joining => negativo
joint => muynegativo
joints => negativo
joke => muypositivo
joker => positivo
jokingly => positivo
jolting => muynegativo
jostling => muynegativo
journal => negativo
journalism => muynegativo
journalist => negativo
journey => negativo
jovially => negativo
joy => muypositivo
joyful => positivo
joyously => positivo
judge => negativo
judged => negativo
judgement => negativo
judgements => negativo
judges => negativo
judging => negativo
judicial => negativo
judicious => negativo
juice => positivo
jukebox => negativo
july => positivo
jump => muynegativo
jumped => negativo
jumper => negativo
june => positivo
jungle => negativo
junior => negativo
juniors => negativo
jurisdiction => negativo
jury => muynegativo
just => negativo
justice => muypositivo
justification => negativo
justified => negativo
justify => muynegativo
juvenile => muynegativo
keen => positivo
keep => negativo
keeping => negativo
keeps => negativo
kennels => muynegativo
kept => negativo
key => negativo
keyboard => negativo
keys => negativo
kick => muynegativo
kicked => muynegativo
kicking => negativo
kid => muypositivo
kid*s => positivo
kidnapped => muynegativo
kids => muypositivo
kill => muynegativo
killed => muynegativo
killer => muynegativo
killers => muynegativo
killing => muynegativo
kilometre => muynegativo
kind => positivo
kinder => positivo
kinds => negativo
king => positivo
king*s => negativo
kingdom => positivo
kiosks => negativo
kiss => muypositivo
kissed => muypositivo
kitchen => negativo
kleenex => negativo
knapsack => negativo
knee => muynegativo
knees => negativo
knew => muynegativo
knife => negativo
knight => negativo
knit => negativo
knitting => negativo
knock => muynegativo
knocked => muynegativo
know => negativo
knowing => negativo
knowledge => negativo
known => negativo
knows => muynegativo
korean => negativo
label => negativo
labor => muynegativo
laboratory => muynegativo
labourer => negativo
lack => muynegativo
lacked => muynegativo
lacking => muynegativo
ladder => negativo
ladies => positivo
lady => positivo
lagoon => negativo
laid => negativo
lair => negativo
lake => negativo
lameness => muynegativo
lamp => negativo
land => negativo
landed => negativo
landing => muynegativo
landlord => muynegativo
lands => negativo
landscape => negativo
lane => negativo
language => negativo
languages => negativo
lantern => muynegativo
lap => muynegativo
large => positivo
largely => negativo
larger => negativo
largest => negativo
last => muynegativo
lasted => negativo
lasting => positivo
lasts => negativo
late => muynegativo
lately => negativo
later => negativo
latest => negativo
latin => positivo
latter => negativo
latter*s => negativo
laugh => muypositivo
laughed => muypositivo
laughing => muypositivo
laughter => muypositivo
launch => negativo
launched => negativo
law => muynegativo
lawn => negativo
laws => muynegativo
lawyer => negativo
lawyers => negativo
lay => negativo
layer => negativo
layers => negativo
laying => negativo
laziness => muynegativo
lead => positivo
leader => negativo
leaders => muynegativo
leadership => negativo
leading => positivo
leads => negativo
leaf => positivo
leafy => positivo
league => negativo
leakage => muynegativo
lean => muynegativo
leaned => muynegativo
leaning => muynegativo
leans => muynegativo
leap => negativo
leaped => negativo
learn => negativo
learned => negativo
learners => positivo
learning => positivo
learns => positivo
learnt => positivo
lease => muynegativo
leash => muynegativo
least => muynegativo
leastways => negativo
leather => negativo
leave => negativo
leaves => negativo
leaving => negativo
lecture => muynegativo
lectures => muynegativo
led => negativo
lee => negativo
leery => muynegativo
left => negativo
leg => negativo
legal => muynegativo
legate => muynegativo
legend => negativo
legends => muynegativo
legions => negativo
legislation => muynegativo
legislative => muynegativo
legislators => muynegativo
legislature => muynegativo
legitimate => negativo
legs => muynegativo
leisure => negativo
lemon => negativo
lend => negativo
length => muynegativo
lengths => muynegativo
lengthy => negativo
lens => negativo
less => muynegativo
lesser => muynegativo
lesson => muynegativo
lessons => muynegativo
lest => muynegativo
let => negativo
let*s => negativo
letter => negativo
letters => negativo
letting => negativo
leukaemia => muynegativo
level => negativo
levelled => muynegativo
levels => muynegativo
lever => negativo
liberal => muynegativo
liberalism => negativo
liberals => muynegativo
liberty => positivo
libraries => negativo
library => negativo
licence => negativo
licences => negativo
license => negativo
licked => positivo
licking => negativo
lid => muynegativo
lie => muynegativo
lies => muynegativo
lieutenant => negativo
life => muypositivo
lifelong => positivo
lifestyle => positivo
lifetime => positivo
lift => muynegativo
lifted => muynegativo
light => negativo
lighted => muynegativo
lighten => positivo
lighter => negativo
lighting => negativo
lightly => negativo
lightness => negativo
lightning => muynegativo
lights => negativo
like => muypositivo
liked => positivo
likelihood => negativo
likely => positivo
likes => positivo
likewise => negativo
liking => positivo
lime => positivo
limit => muynegativo
limitation => muynegativo
limitations => muynegativo
limited => muynegativo
limiting => muynegativo
limits => muynegativo
limp => muynegativo
limply => muynegativo
line => muynegativo
linear => muynegativo
lined => negativo
lines => muynegativo
linguist => muynegativo
linguistic => negativo
linguists => negativo
link => negativo
linked => negativo
lion => muynegativo
lip => positivo
lips => positivo
lipstick => positivo
liquid => negativo
liquidate => muynegativo
liquor => positivo
list => negativo
listed => muynegativo
listen => negativo
listened => negativo
listener => positivo
listeners => negativo
listening => negativo
lists => muynegativo
lit => muynegativo
literacy => positivo
literal => negativo
literally => negativo
literary => negativo
literature => positivo
litigation => muynegativo
little => negativo
live => positivo
lived => negativo
lively => muypositivo
liver => negativo
lives => negativo
livestock => negativo
living => positivo
lo => negativo
load => negativo
loaded => negativo
loading => negativo
loads => negativo
loafers => muynegativo
loan => muynegativo
loans => muynegativo
lobbied => negativo
lobby => negativo
local => negativo
locally => negativo
locate => negativo
located => negativo
locating => positivo
location => negativo
locations => negativo
lock => negativo
locked => muynegativo
locking => negativo
lodge => positivo
log => negativo
logic => negativo
logical => negativo
logically => positivo
lonely => muynegativo
long => negativo
long-range => positivo
long-term => negativo
longer => negativo
longing => negativo
look => negativo
look*s => positivo
looked => negativo
looking => positivo
looks => positivo
looming => muynegativo
loop => negativo
loose => negativo
loosed => muynegativo
loosely => muynegativo
looser => muynegativo
loosing => muynegativo
lopsided => muynegativo
lord => positivo
lord*s => positivo
lose => muynegativo
loser => muynegativo
losers => muynegativo
loses => muynegativo
losing => muynegativo
loss => muynegativo
losses => muynegativo
lost => muynegativo
lot => negativo
lots => negativo
lottery => muypositivo
loud => muynegativo
louder => muynegativo
loudly => negativo
lousy => muynegativo
love => muypositivo
lovebird => muypositivo
loved => muypositivo
lovely => muypositivo
lover => muypositivo
lovers => muypositivo
loves => muypositivo
lovey => muypositivo
loving => muypositivo
low => muynegativo
lower => muynegativo
lowered => negativo
lowest => muynegativo
loyal => muypositivo
loyalty => muypositivo
luck => muypositivo
lucky => muypositivo
luggage => negativo
lullaby => muypositivo
lumber => negativo
luminous => positivo
lunar => positivo
lunch => positivo
luncheon => positivo
lunches => negativo
lung => negativo
lungs => negativo
luxury => muypositivo
lying => muynegativo
lynch => muynegativo
lyric => positivo
lyrics => negativo
m&m*s => muypositivo
machine => negativo
machinery => negativo
machines => negativo
mad => muynegativo
madame => negativo
madder => muynegativo
made => negativo
magazine => negativo
magazines => positivo
maggie => negativo
magic => muypositivo
magical => muypositivo
magnetic => negativo
magnification => negativo
magnificent => positivo
magnitude => positivo
magnum => negativo
maid => negativo
maids => negativo
mail => positivo
mailed => positivo
main => muynegativo
mainland => negativo
mainly => negativo
maintain => negativo
maintained => negativo
maintaining => negativo
maintains => positivo
maintenance => muynegativo
majestic => muypositivo
majesty => muypositivo
major => negativo
majority => negativo
make => negativo
maker => negativo
makers => negativo
makes => negativo
makeup => negativo
making => negativo
malcontent => muynegativo
male => positivo
males => positivo
mama => muypositivo
man => negativo
man*s => positivo
manage => negativo
managed => negativo
management => negativo
manager => muynegativo
managerial => negativo
managers => negativo
manchester => negativo
mane => negativo
mangled => muynegativo
manhattan => positivo
maniacal => muynegativo
manifold => negativo
mankind => positivo
manned => negativo
manner => negativo
manners => positivo
manpower => negativo
mantle => positivo
manufacture => negativo
manufactured => negativo
manufacturer => negativo
manufacturers => negativo
manufacturing => negativo
many => negativo
map => negativo
maps => negativo
marathon => negativo
marble => positivo
march => negativo
marching => positivo
mare => positivo
mares => negativo
margaret => negativo
margin => negativo
marginal => muynegativo
maria => positivo
marijuana => negativo
marina => positivo
marine => positivo
marines => muynegativo
marital => muypositivo
mark => negativo
marked => positivo
market => positivo
marketing => positivo
markets => positivo
marking => negativo
marks => negativo
marriage => muypositivo
marriages => positivo
married => muypositivo
marry => muypositivo
mars => positivo
marshal => negativo
marshall => muynegativo
martial => negativo
martyrdom => negativo
marvellous => muypositivo
masquerade => muypositivo
mass => negativo
masses => negativo
massive => negativo
master => negativo
masters => negativo
mastery => negativo
match => negativo
matched => negativo
matches => muynegativo
matching => negativo
mate => muypositivo
material => negativo
materials => negativo
mates => positivo
mathematical => muynegativo
mathematics => negativo
matter => negativo
matters => muynegativo
mature => positivo
maturity => negativo
max => negativo
maximum => positivo
maxwell => negativo
may => negativo
maybe => negativo
mayor => negativo
mays => negativo
me => positivo
meadow => muypositivo
meal => positivo
meals => positivo
mean => muynegativo
meaning => negativo
meaningful => muypositivo
meaningless => muynegativo
meanings => negativo
means => negativo
meant => muynegativo
meantime => negativo
meanwhile => negativo
measure => negativo
measured => negativo
measurement => negativo
measurements => muynegativo
measures => negativo
measuring => negativo
meat => negativo
meathead => muynegativo
meats => muynegativo
mechanical => muynegativo
mechanics => muynegativo
mechanism => muynegativo
mechanisms => negativo
meddle => muynegativo
media => muynegativo
medical => negativo
medication => muynegativo
medicine => negativo
medieval => negativo
medium => negativo
meek => muynegativo
meet => positivo
meeting => negativo
meetings => negativo
meets => negativo
mellow => muypositivo
melodies => muypositivo
melody => muypositivo
melon => negativo
melting => negativo
member => negativo
members => negativo
membership => positivo
memorable => positivo
memorial => negativo
memories => muypositivo
memory => positivo
men => positivo
men*s => negativo
mended => negativo
mental => muynegativo
mentally => muynegativo
mention => muynegativo
mentioned => negativo
meowing => muynegativo
mercenaries => muynegativo
mercer => muynegativo
merchant => muynegativo
merchants => muynegativo
mercury => muynegativo
mercy => negativo
mere => negativo
merely => muynegativo
merge => negativo
merger => negativo
merit => positivo
merits => positivo
merrier => positivo
mesmerize => positivo
mesmerized => positivo
mesmerizing => positivo
mess => muynegativo
message => positivo
messages => positivo
messed => muynegativo
messenger => muynegativo
met => negativo
metal => negativo
metaphysical => muynegativo
metaphysics => muynegativo
meters => muynegativo
method => positivo
methodist => muynegativo
methods => negativo
metres => muynegativo
metropolitan => muynegativo
mexican => negativo
mexico => negativo
miami => positivo
mice => muynegativo
mickey => positivo
micro => negativo
microchip => muynegativo
microcircuit => negativo
microorganisms => negativo
middle => negativo
middle-class => negativo
midnight => negativo
midst => positivo
midwest => negativo
might => muynegativo
mighty => positivo
migrating => negativo
mike => negativo
mild => negativo
mile => negativo
mileage => muynegativo
miles => negativo
military => muynegativo
militia => muynegativo
milk => negativo
mill => muynegativo
miller => muynegativo
milling => negativo
million => positivo
millionaire => muypositivo
millions => muypositivo
mills => muynegativo
milton => muynegativo
mind => negativo
minding => negativo
minds => negativo
mine => negativo
mineral => negativo
minerals => negativo
mines => negativo
mingling => positivo
minimal => muynegativo
minimize => muynegativo
minimum => muynegativo
mining => muynegativo
minister => muynegativo
ministers => negativo
ministry => negativo
minor => muynegativo
minority => muynegativo
mints => positivo
minute => negativo
minutes => negativo
miracle => muypositivo
mirage => negativo
mirror => negativo
miscarriage => muynegativo
miscellaneous => negativo
misdeed => muynegativo
miserable => muynegativo
misery => muynegativo
misfortune => muynegativo
misleading => muynegativo
miss => negativo
missed => muynegativo
missile => muynegativo
missiles => muynegativo
missing => muynegativo
mission => negativo
missionaries => negativo
missionary => muynegativo
missions => muynegativo
mississippi => negativo
missouri => negativo
mist => negativo
mistake => muynegativo
mistaken => muynegativo
mistakes => muynegativo
mister => muynegativo
mistreat => muynegativo
misunderstanding => muynegativo
misused => muynegativo
mitchell => negativo
mitten => negativo
mittened => negativo
mix => negativo
mixed => negativo
mixing => negativo
mixture => negativo
mm => negativo
moaning => negativo
mob => muynegativo
mobile => negativo
mode => muynegativo
model => positivo
modelling => positivo
models => positivo
modems => negativo
moderate => negativo
modern => negativo
modernization => positivo
modest => negativo
modified => negativo
modish => muynegativo
mogul => negativo
moist => negativo
moisture => muynegativo
mold => muynegativo
molded => positivo
molding => negativo
molecular => negativo
moles => muynegativo
mom*s => muypositivo
moment => negativo
moments => negativo
momentum => positivo
mommy => muypositivo
mommy*s => positivo
monday => negativo
money => muypositivo
monitoring => muynegativo
monks => negativo
monopoly => negativo
monsieur => negativo
monstrous => muynegativo
month => negativo
monthly => muynegativo
months => negativo
monument => negativo
mood => negativo
moon => muypositivo
moonlight => muypositivo
moose => negativo
mope => muynegativo
moral => positivo
morale => positivo
morality => positivo
more => negativo
moreover => muynegativo
morning => positivo
mornings => negativo
moron => muynegativo
morons => muynegativo
mortal => negativo
mortar => negativo
mortgage => muynegativo
mossy => muynegativo
most => negativo
mostly => negativo
motel => negativo
mother => muypositivo
mother*s => muypositivo
mothers => muypositivo
motion => negativo
motions => negativo
motivation => positivo
motive => negativo
motives => negativo
motor => negativo
motorboat => negativo
motorcycle => positivo
motors => negativo
mound => negativo
mounds => negativo
mount => negativo
mountain => negativo
mountains => positivo
mounted => negativo
mountie => negativo
mounting => negativo
mouse => negativo
moustache => muynegativo
mouth => negativo
movable => negativo
move => negativo
moved => negativo
movement => negativo
movements => negativo
moves => negativo
movie => positivo
movies => muypositivo
moving => negativo
mp => negativo
mr => negativo
mrs => negativo
much => negativo
mud => muynegativo
muddy => muynegativo
muffled => muynegativo
mufflers => muynegativo
mug => negativo
mugged => muynegativo
mugshot => muynegativo
multiple => muynegativo
multiply => muynegativo
mum => positivo
mum*s => positivo
mumbling => muynegativo
mummy => negativo
munchies => muypositivo
municipal => negativo
murder => muynegativo
murderer => muynegativo
murders => muynegativo
murmured => muynegativo
muscle => positivo
muscles => positivo
muscular => muypositivo
museum => muynegativo
museums => negativo
mushroom => negativo
mushy => muynegativo
music => muypositivo
musical => muypositivo
musician => negativo
musicians => positivo
must => muynegativo
mustangs => positivo
mustard => negativo
musty => muynegativo
mutineer => muynegativo
mutinied => muynegativo
muttered => muynegativo
mutual => positivo
mutually => positivo
muzzle => muynegativo
muzzles => muynegativo
my => positivo
myself => muypositivo
mysterious => muypositivo
mystery => muypositivo
myth => positivo
mythological => positivo
nag => muynegativo
nah => muynegativo
nailed => muynegativo
nails => negativo
naively => muynegativo
naked => positivo
name => negativo
named => negativo
namely => muynegativo
names => negativo
narrative => positivo
narrator => positivo
narrow => muynegativo
nation => negativo
nation*s => negativo
national => negativo
nationalism => positivo
nationally => negativo
nations => negativo
native => negativo
natives => negativo
natural => positivo
naturally => positivo
nature => muypositivo
nauseating => muynegativo
naval => negativo
navy => negativo
navy*s => muynegativo
nazi => muynegativo
nazis => muynegativo
near => negativo
nearby => negativo
nearer => negativo
nearest => negativo
nearing => negativo
nearly => negativo
neat => negativo
neatly => positivo
necessarily => muynegativo
necessary => negativo
necessitated => negativo
necessities => negativo
necessity => negativo
neck => negativo
need => negativo
needed => negativo
needle => muynegativo
needless => muynegativo
needn*t => muynegativo
needs => negativo
negative => muynegativo
neglect => muynegativo
neglected => muynegativo
negligible => muynegativo
negotiate => muynegativo
negotiations => muynegativo
negro => negativo
negroes => positivo
neighbor => positivo
neighborhood => positivo
neighborhoods => positivo
neighboring => negativo
neighbors => muypositivo
neighbour => muypositivo
neighbourhood => positivo
neighbours => positivo
neither => muynegativo
neon => negativo
nerve => muynegativo
nerves => muynegativo
nervous => muynegativo
nest => negativo
net => negativo
netted => muynegativo
network => negativo
networks => muynegativo
neurotic => negativo
neutral => negativo
never => muynegativo
nevertheless => muynegativo
new => positivo
newer => negativo
newest => negativo
newly => negativo
newport => negativo
news => negativo
newspaper => negativo
newspapers => negativo
next => muynegativo
next-door => negativo
nice => positivo
nick => negativo
nickname => positivo
night => positivo
night*s => positivo
nightgown => positivo
nightmare => muynegativo
nights => muypositivo
nine => negativo
nineteen => negativo
ninety => muynegativo
ninth => muynegativo
nitrogen => muynegativo
no => muynegativo
noble => positivo
nobler => negativo
nobly => positivo
nobody => muynegativo
nod => muynegativo
nodded => muynegativo
nods => negativo
noise => muynegativo
nominal => muynegativo
nomination => negativo
none => muynegativo
nonetheless => muynegativo
nonsense => muynegativo
nonresponsive => muynegativo
non-responsive => muynegativo
noon => negativo
nope => muynegativo
nor => negativo
norm => muynegativo
normal => negativo
normally => negativo
norman => negativo
norms => negativo
north => muynegativo
northeast => negativo
northern => negativo
northwest => negativo
nose => muynegativo
not => muynegativo
notable => negativo
notably => muynegativo
note => negativo
noted => negativo
notes => negativo
nothing => muynegativo
notice => muynegativo
noticeable => negativo
noticed => negativo
notified => negativo
noting => muynegativo
notion => negativo
notions => muynegativo
nova => negativo
novel => negativo
novelist => negativo
novels => negativo
november => negativo
now => muynegativo
nowadays => muynegativo
nowhere => muynegativo
nuclear => muynegativo
nucleus => negativo
nude => negativo
null => muynegativo
number => muynegativo
numbers => negativo
numerical => muynegativo
numerous => muynegativo
nurse => negativo
nursery => negativo
nursing => positivo
nut => muynegativo
nuts => negativo
o*clock => muynegativo
oak => positivo
oar => positivo
oars => negativo
object => muynegativo
objected => muynegativo
objection => muynegativo
objections => muynegativo
objective => negativo
objectives => negativo
objects => muynegativo
obligation => muynegativo
obligations => muynegativo
obliged => muynegativo
obscure => muynegativo
observation => negativo
observations => positivo
observe => positivo
observed => negativo
observer => negativo
observers => negativo
observing => positivo
obstacle => muynegativo
obtain => muynegativo
obtainable => negativo
obtained => muynegativo
obvious => muynegativo
obviously => negativo
occasion => positivo
occasional => negativo
occasionally => negativo
occasions => positivo
occupation => positivo
occupational => negativo
occupied => muynegativo
occupy => muynegativo
occur => muynegativo
occurred => muynegativo
occurrence => negativo
occurrences => muynegativo
occurring => muynegativo
occurs => muynegativo
ocean => positivo
october => negativo
odd => negativo
oddest => muynegativo
oddness => muynegativo
odds => negativo
odor => negativo
odour => muynegativo
odyssey => positivo
of => negativo
off => muynegativo
offence => muynegativo
offender => muynegativo
offends => muynegativo
offer => negativo
offered => negativo
offering => positivo
offers => negativo
office => negativo
officer => negativo
officer*s => negativo
officers => negativo
offices => negativo
official => negativo
officially => negativo
officials => muynegativo
often => muynegativo
ogre => muynegativo
ogres => muynegativo
oh => negativo
oil => negativo
oils => muynegativo
oily => muynegativo
ok => positivo
okay => positivo
old => muynegativo
older => muynegativo
oldest => negativo
ominous => muynegativo
omitted => muynegativo
on => muynegativo
once => negativo
one => negativo
one*s => muynegativo
one-third => muynegativo
ones => negativo
onion => muynegativo
only => muynegativo
onset => muynegativo
onto => muynegativo
open => negativo
opened => negativo
opening => negativo
openly => negativo
opens => negativo
opera => positivo
operate => negativo
operated => muynegativo
operates => muynegativo
operating => muynegativo
operation => negativo
operational => muynegativo
operations => muynegativo
operator => negativo
operators => negativo
opinion => positivo
opinions => positivo
opium => negativo
opponent => muynegativo
opponents => negativo
opportunities => muypositivo
opportunity => muypositivo
oppose => muynegativo
opposed => muynegativo
opposing => muynegativo
opposite => negativo
opposition => muynegativo
optical => muynegativo
optimism => muypositivo
optimistic => muypositivo
optimum => negativo
options => positivo
or => muynegativo
oral => negativo
orange => positivo
orbit => muynegativo
orchestra => positivo
order => muynegativo
ordered => muynegativo
ordering => muynegativo
orderly => negativo
orders => muynegativo
ordinarily => muynegativo
ordinary => muynegativo
organic => muynegativo
organization => negativo
organizations => negativo
organize => negativo
organized => negativo
organs => muynegativo
oriental => positivo
orientation => negativo
oriented => muynegativo
origin => negativo
original => positivo
originally => negativo
originated => negativo
orthodox => muynegativo
other => muynegativo
others => negativo
otherwise => muynegativo
ought => muynegativo
our => negativo
ours => negativo
ourselves => positivo
out => muynegativo
outcome => negativo
outcomes => negativo
outdoor => positivo
outer => muynegativo
outfit => positivo
outfits => negativo
outgrown => muynegativo
outline => muynegativo
outlook => muynegativo
output => muynegativo
outranked => muynegativo
outset => muynegativo
outside => negativo
outstanding => positivo
outward => negativo
over => muynegativo
over-all => negativo
overall => muynegativo
overcome => negativo
overcompensate => muynegativo
overcompensated => muynegativo
overcompensating => muynegativo
overdose => muynegativo
overestimate => muynegativo
overestimated => muynegativo
overexertion => muynegativo
overhanging => negativo
overhead => muynegativo
overhung => muynegativo
overjoyed => muypositivo
overlacked => muynegativo
overnight => positivo
overpowered => muynegativo
overprotective => muynegativo
overreacting => muynegativo
overseas => negativo
overt => negativo
overtook => muynegativo
overturned => muynegativo
overwhelming => muynegativo
overworked => muynegativo
owe => muynegativo
owed => negativo
own => positivo
owned => negativo
owner => positivo
owners => negativo
ownership => positivo
owns => positivo
oxen => muynegativo
oxford => negativo
oxidation => muynegativo
oxygen => negativo
pa => negativo
pace => negativo
paced => negativo
pacific => negativo
pack => muynegativo
package => positivo
packed => negativo
packing => negativo
paddled => negativo
paddles => negativo
page => muynegativo
pages => muynegativo
paid => positivo
pain => muynegativo
pained => muynegativo
painful => muynegativo
painfully => muynegativo
pains => muynegativo
paint => negativo
painted => negativo
painter => muynegativo
painters => negativo
painting => negativo
paintings => positivo
paints => negativo
pair => negativo
pairs => negativo
palace => positivo
pale => muynegativo
palm => negativo
pan => muynegativo
pancake => negativo
panel => muynegativo
panels => muynegativo
pang => muynegativo
panic => muynegativo
pant => negativo
panted => negativo
papa => positivo
papa*s => positivo
paper => muynegativo
paperback => negativo
papers => muynegativo
par => negativo
parachute => positivo
parachuting => negativo
parade => positivo
paradise => muypositivo
paradoxically => muynegativo
paragraph => muynegativo
paragraphs => muynegativo
parallel => muynegativo
paralysis => muynegativo
parcel => negativo
parcels => negativo
parent => positivo
parenting => positivo
parents => muypositivo
parents* => positivo
parish => negativo
park => positivo
parked => muynegativo
parker => muynegativo
parking => muynegativo
parks => positivo
parliament => muynegativo
parlor => muynegativo
parochial => muynegativo
part => muynegativo
part-time => muynegativo
partial => muynegativo
partially => muynegativo
participate => positivo
participated => positivo
participating => positivo
participation => positivo
particle => negativo
particles => muynegativo
particular => muynegativo
particularly => muynegativo
partied => muypositivo
parties => muypositivo
partisan => muynegativo
partly => muynegativo
partner => muypositivo
partners => muypositivo
partnership => positivo
partridge => negativo
parts => negativo
party => positivo
partying => positivo
pass => negativo
passage => negativo
passages => muynegativo
passed => negativo
passenger => muynegativo
passengers => negativo
passes => negativo
passing => negativo
passion => muypositivo
passionate => muypositivo
passions => muypositivo
passive => negativo
past => negativo
paste => muynegativo
pastor => negativo
pasture => negativo
pat => negativo
patch => muynegativo
patched => muynegativo
patches => muynegativo
patent => muynegativo
patents => muynegativo
path => muynegativo
pathetic => muynegativo
pathology => muynegativo
paths => negativo
patience => positivo
patient => negativo
patient*s => muynegativo
patients => negativo
patriot => negativo
patriotic => positivo
patrol => muynegativo
patrolman => muynegativo
patronage => muynegativo
pattern => negativo
patterns => negativo
pause => negativo
paused => negativo
pavement => muynegativo
pay => negativo
paycheck => positivo
paying => negativo
payment => muynegativo
payments => muynegativo
payroll => negativo
pays => positivo
peace => muypositivo
peaceful => muypositivo
peak => negativo
peas => muynegativo
peasants => muynegativo
peculiar => muynegativo
peddling => negativo
peeking => negativo
peered => muynegativo
pelicans => positivo
pen => negativo
penalty => muynegativo
pencil => negativo
pending => negativo
penetrating => negativo
penetration => muynegativo
penny => positivo
pension => positivo
pensive => negativo
pentagon => muynegativo
people => positivo
people*s => negativo
peoples => positivo
pepper => negativo
per => negativo
perceive => negativo
perceived => negativo
percent => muynegativo
percentage => negativo
perception => positivo
perch => negativo
perfect => muypositivo
perfection => muypositivo
perfectly => muypositivo
perform => negativo
performance => positivo
performances => positivo
performed => positivo
performers => positivo
performing => negativo
perfume => positivo
perhaps => negativo
period => muynegativo
periods => muynegativo
permanent => negativo
permanently => positivo
permission => positivo
permit => negativo
permits => negativo
permitted => positivo
perpetrator => muynegativo
persian => negativo
persisted => negativo
persistence => negativo
person => positivo
personal => positivo
personalities => positivo
personality => positivo
personally => positivo
personnel => negativo
persons => negativo
perspective => negativo
persuade => muynegativo
persuaded => muynegativo
pertinent => negativo
petition => negativo
petitioner => muynegativo
phase => negativo
phases => negativo
phenomena => positivo
phenomenon => positivo
philharmonic => negativo
philosopher => negativo
philosophic => negativo
philosophical => negativo
philosophy => negativo
phone => negativo
phoney => muynegativo
phoning => negativo
phony => muynegativo
photograph => positivo
photographic => positivo
photographs => positivo
phrase => negativo
phrases => negativo
physical => positivo
physically => negativo
physician => negativo
physics => negativo
physiological => negativo
pianist => positivo
piano => positivo
piazza => positivo
pick => negativo
picked => negativo
picking => negativo
pickup => muynegativo
picnic => muypositivo
picture => positivo
pictures => positivo
pie => positivo
piece => negativo
pieced => negativo
pieces => negativo
piety => negativo
pike => negativo
pile => negativo
piled => muynegativo
pill => muynegativo
pillory => negativo
pilot => negativo
pin => negativo
pine => positivo
pink => positivo
pint => negativo
pioneer => negativo
pious => negativo
pip => negativo
pipe => negativo
pirates => muynegativo
piss => negativo
pissed => muynegativo
pisses => negativo
pit => negativo
pitch => negativo
pitcher => negativo
pitching => negativo
pitfalls => muynegativo
pituitary => negativo
pity => negativo
placating => negativo
place => negativo
placed => muynegativo
placement => negativo
places => negativo
placing => negativo
plain => muynegativo
plainly => negativo
plains => negativo
plan => negativo
plane => negativo
plane*s => negativo
planes => negativo
planet => negativo
planetary => negativo
planets => negativo
planned => negativo
planners => negativo
planning => negativo
plans => positivo
plant => positivo
plantation => positivo
planted => negativo
plants => negativo
plasma => negativo
plaster => negativo
plastered => negativo
plastic => muynegativo
plastics => muynegativo
plate => negativo
plates => negativo
platform => negativo
play => muypositivo
played => negativo
player => positivo
players => positivo
playing => muypositivo
plays => positivo
plea => negativo
pleading => muynegativo
pleasant => muypositivo
pleasantry => positivo
please => positivo
pleased => muypositivo
pleasing => muypositivo
pleasurable => muypositivo
pleasure => muypositivo
plenty => negativo
plot => negativo
plotted => muynegativo
plow => muynegativo
plowing => muynegativo
plug => negativo
plum => negativo
plumbers => negativo
plums => positivo
plunged => muynegativo
plus => negativo
pluses => negativo
pocket => negativo
pocketknife => negativo
pockets => negativo
poem => muypositivo
poems => positivo
poet => positivo
poet*s => negativo
poetic => negativo
poetry => muypositivo
poets => positivo
point => muynegativo
pointed => negativo
pointing => negativo
points => muynegativo
poised => negativo
poison => muynegativo
poke => muynegativo
pole => negativo
poles => muynegativo
police => muynegativo
policeman => muynegativo
policemen => negativo
policies => negativo
policy => negativo
polish => negativo
polished => positivo
politely => positivo
political => muynegativo
politically => muynegativo
politician => muynegativo
politicians => muynegativo
politics => muynegativo
pollen => negativo
polls => muynegativo
pollutant => muynegativo
pond => positivo
pony => positivo
pool => positivo
pools => negativo
poor => muynegativo
poorly => muynegativo
popcorn => positivo
pope => positivo
pops => negativo
popular => positivo
popularity => positivo
populated => negativo
population => negativo
porch => positivo
porcupine => negativo
pork => negativo
porous => muynegativo
port => negativo
portable => negativo
portages => muynegativo
porter => negativo
portion => muynegativo
portions => negativo
portland => muynegativo
portrait => muynegativo
pose => positivo
posh => negativo
position => negativo
positions => negativo
positive => positivo
possessive => muynegativo
possibilities => negativo
possibility => negativo
possible => negativo
possibly => negativo
post => negativo
postcard => negativo
posted => negativo
posts => negativo
posture => positivo
postwar => muynegativo
pot => negativo
potato => negativo
potatoes => negativo
potential => muypositivo
pottery => positivo
poultry => negativo
pound => negativo
pounds => negativo
poured => negativo
pout => muynegativo
pouting => muynegativo
poverty => muynegativo
powder => negativo
power => positivo
powerful => positivo
powers => negativo
pox => negativo
practical => negativo
practically => negativo
practice => negativo
practices => negativo
practising => muynegativo
prairie => negativo
praise => muypositivo
praised => muypositivo
pranks => muynegativo
pray => negativo
prayed => negativo
prayer => positivo
prayers => positivo
preacher => negativo
preaching => muynegativo
preceded => negativo
preceding => muynegativo
precious => muypositivo
precise => negativo
precisely => negativo
precision => negativo
predicted => negativo
prediction => muynegativo
prefer => negativo
preferably => positivo
preferred => negativo
prejudice => muynegativo
preliminary => muynegativo
premier => negativo
premium => negativo
preoccupied => muynegativo
preparation => negativo
preparations => negativo
prepare => negativo
prepared => negativo
preparing => negativo
presbyterian => muynegativo
preschool => positivo
prescribed => muynegativo
presence => negativo
present => positivo
present-day => negativo
presentation => negativo
presented => negativo
presenting => negativo
presently => muynegativo
presents => positivo
preservation => negativo
preserve => muynegativo
preserved => muynegativo
preserves => muynegativo
preserving => negativo
presidency => muynegativo
president => negativo
president*s => negativo
presidential => negativo
presidents => negativo
presiding => muynegativo
press => muynegativo
pressed => negativo
pressing => muynegativo
pressure => muynegativo
pressures => muynegativo
prestige => muypositivo
presumably => negativo
presumed => muynegativo
pretending => negativo
pretty => muypositivo
prevailing => negativo
prevent => muynegativo
prevented => muynegativo
preventing => muynegativo
prevention => negativo
preventive => muynegativo
prevents => negativo
previous => muynegativo
previously => negativo
price => muynegativo
prices => negativo
pricked => muynegativo
pricking => muynegativo
prickling => muynegativo
pricks => muynegativo
pride => positivo
priest => negativo
priests => positivo
prim => negativo
primarily => muynegativo
primary => negativo
prime => negativo
primitive => muynegativo
prince => positivo
princess => muypositivo
principal => negativo
principally => muynegativo
principle => muynegativo
principles => negativo
print => muynegativo
printed => muynegativo
printing => negativo
prints => negativo
prior => negativo
priority => negativo
prison => muynegativo
prisoners => muynegativo
privacy => positivo
private => negativo
privately => negativo
privilege => positivo
privileged => positivo
privileges => positivo
prize => muypositivo
pro => positivo
pro-western => muynegativo
probabilities => muynegativo
probability => negativo
probable => muynegativo
probably => negativo
problem => muynegativo
problems => muynegativo
procedure => muynegativo
procedures => negativo
proceed => negativo
proceeded => negativo
proceeding => positivo
proceedings => negativo
proceeds => negativo
process => muynegativo
processed => negativo
processes => muynegativo
processing => muynegativo
proclaim => negativo
proclamation => negativo
procurement => muynegativo
produce => negativo
produced => negativo
producer => negativo
producers => negativo
produces => negativo
producing => negativo
product => positivo
production => negativo
productive => positivo
productivity => negativo
products => negativo
profession => negativo
professional => negativo
professionals => positivo
professor => negativo
professors => positivo
profile => negativo
profit => muypositivo
profitable => muypositivo
profits => muypositivo
profound => positivo
program => negativo
programming => negativo
programs => negativo
progress => positivo
progressed => negativo
progressive => negativo
prohibition => muynegativo
project => negativo
projected => muynegativo
projections => negativo
projector => muynegativo
projects => muynegativo
prolonged => negativo
prominent => positivo
promise => positivo
promised => positivo
promises => muypositivo
promising => muypositivo
promontory => negativo
promote => positivo
promoted => positivo
promoting => positivo
promotion => muypositivo
prompt => negativo
promptly => negativo
prone => muynegativo
pronounced => muynegativo
proof => negativo
propaganda => muynegativo
propeller => muynegativo
propelling => negativo
proper => negativo
properly => negativo
properties => negativo
property => negativo
proportion => negativo
proportional => negativo
proportions => muynegativo
proposal => positivo
proposals => positivo
propose => negativo
proposed => positivo
proposition => muynegativo
proprietor => negativo
prose => negativo
prospect => negativo
prospective => positivo
prospects => positivo
prosperity => positivo
prostitution => muynegativo
protect => positivo
protected => muypositivo
protection => muypositivo
protective => muypositivo
protein => muypositivo
proteins => positivo
protest => muynegativo
protestant => muynegativo
protestantism => muynegativo
protestants => muynegativo
protested => muynegativo
protests => muynegativo
protocol => negativo
proud => muypositivo
prove => negativo
proved => negativo
proven => negativo
proverbs => negativo
proves => negativo
provide => positivo
provided => negativo
providence => muynegativo
provides => negativo
providing => positivo
province => negativo
provinces => negativo
provision => negativo
provisions => negativo
provoking => muynegativo
prow => muynegativo
psalms => positivo
psychiatry => negativo
psychoanalysis => negativo
psychological => negativo
psychologist => negativo
psychologists => negativo
psychology => positivo
public => negativo
publication => negativo
publications => negativo
publicity => muynegativo
publicly => muynegativo
published => positivo
publishers => negativo
publishing => positivo
pudding => positivo
pueblo => muynegativo
pueblos => muynegativo
puff => muynegativo
puke => muynegativo
pull => muynegativo
pulled => muynegativo
pulley => muynegativo
pulling => muynegativo
punches => muynegativo
punishing => muynegativo
punishment => muynegativo
puns => positivo
pupil => negativo
pupil*s => negativo
pupils => negativo
puppies => muypositivo
purchase => positivo
purchased => positivo
purchases => positivo
purchasing => negativo
pure => muypositivo
purely => positivo
purified => negativo
purity => positivo
purple => negativo
purpose => positivo
purposeful => muypositivo
purposeless => muynegativo
purposes => positivo
purse => positivo
pursue => negativo
pursued => negativo
pursuit => negativo
push => muynegativo
pushed => muynegativo
pushing => muynegativo
puss => negativo
put => negativo
puts => negativo
putting => negativo
puzzle => positivo
puzzle*s => negativo
puzzled => muynegativo
pyjamas => positivo
quaint => positivo
qualifications => positivo
qualified => muypositivo
qualify => positivo
qualities => positivo
quality => muypositivo
quantities => negativo
quantity => positivo
quarrel => muynegativo
quarter => positivo
quarters => positivo
queen => positivo
queens => positivo
quest => muypositivo
question => positivo
questioned => negativo
questioning => positivo
questionnaire => negativo
questions => negativo
quests => muypositivo
quick => muypositivo
quickly => muypositivo
quiet => positivo
quietly => positivo
quills => negativo
quirky => positivo
quit => muynegativo
quite => positivo
quote => negativo
quoted => negativo
rabbi => muypositivo
rabbit => positivo
rabbit*s => muypositivo
race => positivo
raced => positivo
races => positivo
racial => muynegativo
racing => positivo
radar => negativo
radiation => muynegativo
radical => muynegativo
radically => negativo
radio => positivo
radioactive => muynegativo
rag => muynegativo
rage => muynegativo
raid => muynegativo
raided => muynegativo
rail => negativo
railroad => negativo
railroads => negativo
railway => negativo
rain => positivo
raise => positivo
raised => positivo
raises => negativo
raising => negativo
rake => negativo
rally => positivo
rampage => muynegativo
ramparts => negativo
ramps => negativo
ran => negativo
ranch => positivo
rancher => positivo
rancho => negativo
random => negativo
rang => negativo
range => negativo
ranged => negativo
ranges => negativo
ranging => negativo
rank => negativo
ranks => positivo
rapid => negativo
rapidly => positivo
rapids => muypositivo
rapier => negativo
rapscallion => negativo
rapt => positivo
rare => negativo
rarely => muynegativo
rash => negativo
rate => negativo
rates => negativo
rather => negativo
rating => positivo
ratio => negativo
ration => negativo
rational => positivo
ratios => negativo
ratty => muynegativo
rave => muynegativo
raven => negativo
ravine => positivo
ravines => negativo
raw => muynegativo
raw-boned => muynegativo
ray => muypositivo
razor => muynegativo
reach => negativo
reached => positivo
reaches => negativo
reaching => muypositivo
react => negativo
reacted => negativo
reaction => negativo
reactionary => negativo
reactions => positivo
read => muypositivo
reader => negativo
readers => negativo
readily => muypositivo
readiness => muypositivo
reading => positivo
readings => negativo
reads => positivo
ready => muypositivo
real => muypositivo
realism => muypositivo
realistic => muypositivo
realities => positivo
reality => positivo
realization => positivo
realize => positivo
realized => muypositivo
realizing => muypositivo
really => positivo
realm => negativo
realtors => negativo
reaping => positivo
rear => muynegativo
reared => negativo
rearguard => negativo
rearrange => positivo
rearview => negativo
reason => positivo
reasonable => muypositivo
reasonably => muypositivo
reasoning => negativo
reasons => positivo
reassurance => muypositivo
reassure => muypositivo
rebel => negativo
rebellion => muynegativo
rebels => muynegativo
recall => negativo
recalled => negativo
recalls => negativo
receive => muypositivo
received => muypositivo
receiver => positivo
receives => muypositivo
receiving => muypositivo
recent => positivo
recently => positivo
reception => positivo
recharge => positivo
reciprocate => positivo
reclusive => negativo
recognition => muypositivo
recognize => positivo
recognized => positivo
recognizes => positivo
recognizing => muypositivo
recoiled => muynegativo
recommend => positivo
recommendation => positivo
recommendations => positivo
recommended => positivo
reconstruction => muypositivo
record => positivo
recorded => positivo
recorder => positivo
recording => positivo
recordings => positivo
records => positivo
recover => positivo
recovering => negativo
recovery => muypositivo
recreation => muypositivo
recruit => negativo
rectify => muypositivo
rector => negativo
red => positivo
rediscover => muypositivo
redo => negativo
reduce => negativo
reduced => negativo
reducing => negativo
reduction => negativo
reeds => negativo
refer => negativo
reference => negativo
references => positivo
referred => negativo
referring => negativo
refers => negativo
reflect => negativo
reflected => muypositivo
reflecting => positivo
reflection => positivo
reflects => positivo
reform => positivo
reforms => negativo
refrain => negativo
refrigeration => positivo
refrigerator => positivo
refuges => muynegativo
refund => negativo
refusal => muynegativo
refuse => muynegativo
refused => muynegativo
refusing => muynegativo
regard => positivo
regarded => positivo
regarding => muypositivo
regardless => positivo
regime => negativo
regiment => negativo
region => negativo
regional => negativo
regions => negativo
register => positivo
registered => positivo
registration => negativo
regretful => muynegativo
regretfully => muynegativo
regretted => muynegativo
regular => positivo
regularly => negativo
regulation => negativo
regulations => negativo
rehabilitation => negativo
reigned => negativo
reinforce => negativo
reject => muynegativo
rejected => muynegativo
rejection => muynegativo
rejects => muynegativo
rejoice => positivo
relapses => muynegativo
related => positivo
relating => negativo
relation => negativo
relations => negativo
relationship => muypositivo
relationships => positivo
relative => muypositivo
relatively => positivo
relatives => muypositivo
relax => muypositivo
relaxed => muypositivo
release => muypositivo
released => muypositivo
relevance => muypositivo
relevant => positivo
reliable => muypositivo
relief => muypositivo
relieve => muypositivo
relieved => muypositivo
religion => negativo
religions => muynegativo
religious => negativo
reluctant => negativo
rely => muynegativo
remain => negativo
remainder => negativo
remained => negativo
remaining => positivo
remains => negativo
remark => negativo
remarkable => muypositivo
remarkably => positivo
remarked => positivo
remarks => positivo
remedy => positivo
remember => positivo
remembered => negativo
remembering => negativo
remembers => positivo
remind => negativo
reminded => positivo
remorse => negativo
remote => negativo
removal => muynegativo
remove => negativo
removed => muynegativo
renaissance => negativo
render => negativo
rendered => negativo
rendering => negativo
renewed => positivo
rent => negativo
rental => negativo
reorganization => negativo
rep => negativo
repair => positivo
repaired => positivo
repaved => negativo
repeat => negativo
repeated => positivo
repeatedly => positivo
repercussions => muynegativo
repetition => negativo
replace => positivo
replaced => negativo
replacement => negativo
replied => positivo
replies => positivo
reply => positivo
report => negativo
reported => positivo
reporter => positivo
reporters => muynegativo
reporting => negativo
reports => negativo
represent => negativo
representation => negativo
representative => negativo
representatives => negativo
represented => negativo
representing => negativo
represents => positivo
repress => negativo
reproach => negativo
reproof => negativo
republic => negativo
republican => negativo
repulsion => muynegativo
reputation => negativo
request => positivo
requested => negativo
requests => positivo
require => negativo
required => positivo
requirement => negativo
requirements => negativo
requires => positivo
requiring => negativo
reruns => negativo
rescue => negativo
research => positivo
resemblance => negativo
resentment => muynegativo
reserve => negativo
reserved => negativo
reservoir => positivo
residence => negativo
resident => positivo
residential => negativo
residents => negativo
resist => muynegativo
resistance => muynegativo
resolution => positivo
resolve => positivo
resolved => positivo
resonance => negativo
resort => negativo
resounding => positivo
resources => positivo
respect => muypositivo
respectable => muypositivo
respected => positivo
respective => positivo
respectively => positivo
respects => positivo
respiratory => negativo
respond => negativo
responded => positivo
response => negativo
responses => negativo
responsibilities => negativo
responsibility => negativo
responsible => negativo
rest => positivo
restaurant => positivo
restaurants => positivo
rested => positivo
resting => muypositivo
restless => negativo
restoration => positivo
restored => positivo
restrain => negativo
restrained => muynegativo
restraint => muynegativo
restrict => negativo
restricted => muynegativo
restrictions => muynegativo
restroom => muynegativo
rests => positivo
result => negativo
resultant => negativo
resulted => negativo
resulting => negativo
results => negativo
resume => negativo
resumed => negativo
retail => negativo
retain => negativo
retained => negativo
retention => negativo
retired => positivo
retirement => positivo
retreat => negativo
retrieved => positivo
return => positivo
returned => positivo
returning => positivo
returns => positivo
reunion => muypositivo
rev => negativo
reveal => positivo
revealed => positivo
revealing => negativo
reveals => muypositivo
revelation => negativo
reveller => negativo
revenue => positivo
revenues => negativo
reverend => positivo
reverse => negativo
review => negativo
reviewed => negativo
reviewing => negativo
revised => negativo
revolution => positivo
revolutionary => negativo
revolve => negativo
revolver => negativo
revulsion => negativo
reward => positivo
rhythm => positivo
rhythmic => muypositivo
rhythms => positivo
rib => negativo
ribbon => positivo
ribs => positivo
rice => negativo
rich => positivo
rid => muynegativo
riddle => negativo
ride => negativo
rider => negativo
riders => positivo
rides => positivo
ridge => negativo
ridiculous => negativo
riding => negativo
rifle => muynegativo
rifles => muynegativo
right => positivo
rights => positivo
rigid => muynegativo
ring => positivo
ringette => negativo
ringing => positivo
ripe => positivo
rise => positivo
risen => negativo
rises => positivo
rising => positivo
risk => negativo
ritual => negativo
rival => muynegativo
rivals => muynegativo
river => positivo
rivers => positivo
riverside => positivo
road => negativo
roads => negativo
roamed => positivo
roar => negativo
roared => negativo
roast => positivo
rob => negativo
robbed => muynegativo
robbery => muynegativo
rock => negativo
rockets => negativo
rocking => negativo
rocks => muynegativo
rocky => negativo
rod => negativo
rode => positivo
role => negativo
roles => negativo
roll => negativo
rolled => positivo
rolling => negativo
rolls => negativo
roman => positivo
romance => muypositivo
romancing => muypositivo
romans => negativo
romantic => positivo
roof => positivo
rooftops => negativo
rooks => negativo
room => negativo
roommate => negativo
rooms => negativo
root => negativo
roots => negativo
rope => positivo
rose => positivo
rosily => muypositivo
rotary => negativo
rotating => negativo
rotation => negativo
rough => negativo
rough-hewn => negativo
roughly => negativo
round => negativo
rounded => negativo
rounds => negativo
route => positivo
routine => negativo
row => positivo
rows => negativo
royal => positivo
rubbed => negativo
rubber => positivo
rubbing => positivo
rubble => negativo
rudderless => negativo
ruffle => negativo
rug => positivo
rugged => positivo
ruin => muynegativo
ruined => muynegativo
ruining => muynegativo
rule => muynegativo
ruled => negativo
rules => negativo
ruling => negativo
rumbles => negativo
ruminate => negativo
rumoured => muynegativo
rumours => muynegativo
rumpus => positivo
run => positivo
runner => negativo
running => negativo
runs => positivo
rural => positivo
rush => muynegativo
rushed => negativo
rushing => muynegativo
russian => negativo
rust => muynegativo
rustling => positivo
sacred => positivo
sacrifice => negativo
sad => muynegativo
saddened => muynegativo
saddle => positivo
sadly => muynegativo
safe => muypositivo
safely => muypositivo
safes => positivo
safety => muypositivo
said => negativo
sail => negativo
sailboat => muypositivo
sailed => muypositivo
sailing => positivo
saint => positivo
sake => negativo
salary => muypositivo
sale => muypositivo
sales => positivo
salesman => muynegativo
salesmen => negativo
saline => negativo
salon => positivo
saloon => negativo
salt => negativo
saluting => negativo
same => negativo
sample => positivo
samples => negativo
sampling => positivo
sanction => negativo
sand => positivo
sands => muypositivo
sandwich => negativo
sang => muypositivo
sanitation => positivo
sank => muynegativo
sapient => negativo
sappy => negativo
sarcastic => muynegativo
sat => positivo
satisfaction => muypositivo
satisfactorily => muypositivo
satisfactory => positivo
satisfied => muypositivo
satisfy => muypositivo
satisfying => muypositivo
saturday => positivo
sauce => positivo
saucer => negativo
saunter => negativo
savage => negativo
save => muypositivo
saved => muypositivo
saving => muypositivo
savings => muypositivo
savour => muypositivo
saw => negativo
say => negativo
saying => negativo
sayings => positivo
says => negativo
scale => negativo
scamper => negativo
scandalous => positivo
scanned => negativo
scar => muynegativo
scarcely => muynegativo
scared => muynegativo
scares => muynegativo
scaring => muynegativo
scars => negativo
scattered => muynegativo
scene => positivo
scenery => muypositivo
scenes => negativo
sceptical => muynegativo
schedule => negativo
scheduled => negativo
schedules => negativo
scheme => negativo
scholar => positivo
scholars => muypositivo
scholarship => muypositivo
school => negativo
schoolhouse => negativo
schools => negativo
science => negativo
sciences => negativo
scientific => negativo
scientist => muynegativo
scientists => negativo
scope => negativo
score => negativo
scored => positivo
scores => positivo
scottish => negativo
scowl => negativo
scrambling => negativo
scrapper => negativo
scratching => negativo
scratchy => muynegativo
scream => negativo
screamed => muynegativo
screaming => negativo
screech => muynegativo
screen => negativo
screens => negativo
screw => negativo
screwed => negativo
script => positivo
scripts => negativo
scriptures => negativo
scrubbed => negativo
scrutiny => muynegativo
scull => negativo
sculpture => positivo
scurry => negativo
scuttling => negativo
sea => positivo
seagull => muynegativo
seal => positivo
sealed => negativo
search => negativo
searching => negativo
seas => positivo
season => positivo
seasons => muypositivo
seat => positivo
seated => negativo
seats => negativo
sec => negativo
secede => negativo
second => muynegativo
secondary => negativo
seconds => negativo
secret => negativo
secret* => positivo
secretary => negativo
secrets => negativo
section => negativo
sections => negativo
sector => negativo
sectors => negativo
secular => negativo
secure => positivo
secured => positivo
security => muypositivo
see => positivo
seed => negativo
seeds => negativo
seeing => muypositivo
seek => positivo
seeking => positivo
seeks => positivo
seem => negativo
seemed => negativo
seeming => negativo
seemingly => negativo
seems => negativo
seen => negativo
sees => positivo
seethe => negativo
segment => negativo
segments => negativo
segregated => muynegativo
segregation => muynegativo
seized => muynegativo
seizures => negativo
seldom => negativo
select => negativo
selected => negativo
selecting => positivo
selection => negativo
selections => positivo
selective => positivo
self => muypositivo
self-help => positivo
sell => negativo
selling => positivo
sells => positivo
semester => negativo
seminary => negativo
senate => negativo
senator => muynegativo
senators => negativo
send => positivo
sending => positivo
senior => negativo
sensation => positivo
sensations => positivo
sense => muypositivo
sensed => positivo
senses => positivo
sensible => muypositivo
sensitive => muypositivo
sensitivity => muypositivo
sent => positivo
sentence => negativo
sentences => negativo
sentiment => muypositivo
sentimental => positivo
separate => muynegativo
separated => muynegativo
separately => negativo
separation => muynegativo
september => negativo
sequence => positivo
serene => muypositivo
sergeant => negativo
series => positivo
serious => positivo
seriously => negativo
sermon => muynegativo
servant => negativo
servants => negativo
serve => negativo
served => negativo
serves => negativo
service => negativo
services => positivo
serving => negativo
session => negativo
sessions => negativo
set => negativo
sets => negativo
setting => negativo
settle => negativo
settled => positivo
settlement => positivo
settlers => positivo
settling => positivo
seven => negativo
seventeen => positivo
seventh => negativo
several => negativo
severe => muynegativo
severely => muynegativo
sewage => muynegativo
sewer => muynegativo
sewing => negativo
sex => muypositivo
sexes => positivo
sexual => muypositivo
shade => positivo
shades => positivo
shadow => positivo
shadows => negativo
shaft => negativo
shake => negativo
shaken => muynegativo
shaking => muynegativo
shall => negativo
shallow => muynegativo
sham => muynegativo
shame => muynegativo
shamed => muynegativo
shan*t => muynegativo
shape => negativo
shaped => negativo
shapes => positivo
share => muypositivo
shared => muypositivo
shares => muypositivo
sharing => muypositivo
sharp => negativo
sharply => muynegativo
shattered => muynegativo
she => negativo
she*d => negativo
she*s => negativo
shear => muynegativo
shears => muynegativo
shed => negativo
sheep => positivo
sheer => negativo
sheet => negativo
sheets => negativo
sheik => negativo
shelf => muynegativo
shell => positivo
shelley => muynegativo
shells => positivo
shelter => muypositivo
shelters => positivo
sheriff => negativo
shift => muynegativo
shifted => muynegativo
shifting => muynegativo
shifts => muynegativo
shining => muypositivo
ship => negativo
shipments => negativo
shipping => muynegativo
ships => negativo
shipwreck => muynegativo
shirked => muynegativo
shirt => muynegativo
shirttail => muynegativo
shit => muynegativo
shits => muynegativo
shitty => muynegativo
shivering => muynegativo
shock => muynegativo
shocked => muynegativo
shoe => negativo
shoes => negativo
shooed => muynegativo
shook => muynegativo
shoot => muynegativo
shooting => muynegativo
shop => positivo
shopping => muypositivo
shops => positivo
shore => positivo
shorn => negativo
short => muynegativo
short-term => muynegativo
shortage => muynegativo
shorter => muynegativo
shortly => negativo
shorts => negativo
shot => muynegativo
shots => muynegativo
should => negativo
shoulder => muynegativo
shoulders => muynegativo
shouldn*t => muynegativo
shouted => muynegativo
shouting => muynegativo
show => positivo
showed => negativo
shower => negativo
showing => muynegativo
showmanship => negativo
shown => negativo
shows => negativo
shrank => muynegativo
shrieking => muynegativo
shrivelled => muynegativo
shrugged => muynegativo
shrunken => muynegativo
shut => muynegativo
shuts => muynegativo
shy => muynegativo
shyness => muynegativo
siblings => negativo
sick => muynegativo
side => negativo
sides => muynegativo
sidewalk => muynegativo
sieves => muynegativo
sigh => negativo
sighed => negativo
sighs => negativo
sight => positivo
sights => negativo
sightseer => positivo
sign => muynegativo
signal => negativo
signals => negativo
signed => negativo
significance => positivo
significant => negativo
significantly => muynegativo
signs => muynegativo
silence => negativo
silent => muynegativo
silently => negativo
silk => muypositivo
silken => muypositivo
silly => positivo
silver => muypositivo
similar => positivo
similarly => positivo
simple => negativo
simpler => negativo
simplest => negativo
simplicity => negativo
simply => negativo
simultaneously => positivo
sin => muynegativo
since => negativo
sincere => positivo
sincerity => positivo
sinew => muynegativo
sing => muypositivo
singer => muypositivo
singers => muypositivo
singing => positivo
single => negativo
singled => negativo
sings => positivo
singular => muynegativo
sinister => muynegativo
sink => muynegativo
sins => muynegativo
sir => muynegativo
sire => muynegativo
sister => positivo
sisters => positivo
sit => negativo
site => negativo
sites => negativo
sitter => muynegativo
sitting => muynegativo
situated => negativo
situation => muynegativo
situations => negativo
six => negativo
sixpence => negativo
sixteen => negativo
sixteenth => negativo
sixth => muynegativo
sixties => negativo
sixty => muynegativo
sizable => muynegativo
size => muynegativo
sizes => muynegativo
skate => positivo
skateboard => muynegativo
skated => positivo
skaters => positivo
skates => positivo
sketch => negativo
sketches => negativo
sketchy => negativo
skidoos => muynegativo
skied => negativo
skies => positivo
skill => muypositivo
skilled => positivo
skills => muypositivo
skin => negativo
skirt => positivo
sky => muypositivo
skydiving => positivo
slammed => muynegativo
slammer => muynegativo
slaps => muynegativo
slashed => muynegativo
slate => muynegativo
slaughter => muynegativo
slave => muynegativo
slave*s => muynegativo
slavery => muynegativo
slaves => muynegativo
sledge => muynegativo
sledgehammer => muynegativo
sleep => muypositivo
sleepers => negativo
sleepier => negativo
sleeping => positivo
sleepless => muynegativo
sleeps => muypositivo
sleeve => muynegativo
sleigh => negativo
sleighing => positivo
slender => positivo
slept => muypositivo
slice => muynegativo
slid => muynegativo
slide => negativo
sliding => positivo
slight => muynegativo
slightest => muynegativo
slightly => muynegativo
slim => positivo
slimness => positivo
slimy => muynegativo
sling => muynegativo
slinging => muynegativo
slip => muynegativo
slip-covers => negativo
slipback => muynegativo
slipped => muynegativo
slithered => muynegativo
slob => muynegativo
slobber => muynegativo
slobbering => muynegativo
slope => negativo
slow => muynegativo
slowed => muynegativo
slowly => muynegativo
slows => muynegativo
slug => muynegativo
smacking => muynegativo
small => negativo
smaller => muynegativo
smallest => negativo
smart => muypositivo
smashed => muynegativo
smell => negativo
smelled => muynegativo
smile => positivo
smiled => muypositivo
smiles => muypositivo
smiley => muypositivo
smiling => muypositivo
smirked => negativo
smoke => muynegativo
smoker => muynegativo
smokes => muynegativo
smooth => muypositivo
smoothly => positivo
smothering => muynegativo
smudge => muynegativo
smugly => muynegativo
snail => muynegativo
snails => muynegativo
snake => muynegativo
snakes => muynegativo
snap => muynegativo
snapped => muynegativo
snapshot => positivo
snarl => negativo
snatched => muynegativo
sneered => muynegativo
sneering => muynegativo
sniggering => muynegativo
snob => muynegativo
snobby => muynegativo
snore => muynegativo
snot => muynegativo
snow => positivo
snowbank => positivo
snowdrift => negativo
snowmobile => negativo
snuck => muynegativo
snuggle => muypositivo
so => negativo
so-called => negativo
soap => positivo
sober => muypositivo
sociable => muypositivo
social => muypositivo
socialism => positivo
socialist => negativo
socialize => muypositivo
socially => positivo
societies => positivo
society => negativo
sociological => negativo
sociology => negativo
sodium => negativo
soft => muypositivo
softly => muypositivo
soil => negativo
soils => negativo
solar => positivo
sold => positivo
soldier => negativo
soldiers => negativo
sole => negativo
solely => negativo
solemn => negativo
solid => negativo
solidarity => negativo
solidly => negativo
solitary => negativo
solution => muypositivo
solutions => muypositivo
solve => muypositivo
solved => muypositivo
some => negativo
somebody => positivo
someday => positivo
somehow => positivo
someone => positivo
something => negativo
sometime => positivo
sometimes => positivo
somewhat => negativo
somewhere => positivo
son => muypositivo
song => muypositivo
songs => muypositivo
sons => positivo
soon => negativo
sooner => negativo
soot => negativo
sop => muynegativo
sophisticated => positivo
sorcerer => negativo
sore => muynegativo
sorrow*s => muynegativo
sorrowful => muynegativo
sorry => negativo
sort => negativo
sorts => negativo
sought => negativo
soul => muypositivo
souls => muypositivo
sound => negativo
sounded => positivo
soundless => positivo
sounds => positivo
soup => muypositivo
source => negativo
sources => negativo
south => positivo
southeast => negativo
southern => positivo
southerners => positivo
southwest => negativo
sovereign => positivo
sovereignty => positivo
soviet => negativo
soviets => negativo
sowed => negativo
space => negativo
spaces => negativo
spade => negativo
span => negativo
spanish => negativo
spare => positivo
spark => positivo
sparks => positivo
spatial => negativo
speak => positivo
speaker => negativo
speakers => positivo
speaking => positivo
speaks => positivo
special => muypositivo
specialist => positivo
specialists => positivo
specialization => muypositivo
specialized => muypositivo
species => positivo
specific => positivo
specifically => negativo
specificity => positivo
specified => negativo
specify => negativo
specimen => negativo
specimens => negativo
spectacle => negativo
spectacular => muypositivo
spectators => negativo
spectra => negativo
spectrum => negativo
speech => negativo
speeches => negativo
speed => negativo
speeds => positivo
spell => negativo
spelt => negativo
spend => positivo
spending => positivo
spent => negativo
sphere => positivo
spiders => muynegativo
spinning => negativo
spirit => muypositivo
spirits => positivo
spiritual => muypositivo
spit => muynegativo
spite => muynegativo
spiteful => muynegativo
splendid => muypositivo
splendour => muypositivo
split => negativo
spoiling => negativo
spoilsport => muynegativo
spoke => positivo
spoken => negativo
spokesman => negativo
spokesmen => negativo
sponsor => positivo
sponsored => positivo
sponsors => muypositivo
spontaneous => muypositivo
spoonful => negativo
sport => muypositivo
sports => muypositivo
spot => negativo
spots => negativo
spotted => negativo
sprang => positivo
sprawled => negativo
spray => negativo
spread => positivo
spreading => negativo
spreads => negativo
spring => muypositivo
springs => positivo
springy => positivo
sprinkle => positivo
sprites => positivo
spun => negativo
spur => muynegativo
squad => negativo
square => negativo
squarely => negativo
squares => negativo
squashed => muynegativo
squealing => muynegativo
squeeze => negativo
squeezed => positivo
squirm => muynegativo
squirrel => positivo
st => negativo
stability => muypositivo
stable => muypositivo
stadium => positivo
staff => positivo
stage => positivo
staged => negativo
stages => negativo
staggered => muynegativo
stained => muynegativo
stains => muynegativo
stairs => negativo
stake => negativo
stalk => muynegativo
stall => negativo
stampeding => muynegativo
stand => negativo
standard => negativo
standards => negativo
standing => negativo
standpoint => negativo
stands => negativo
star => muypositivo
stare => muynegativo
stared => muynegativo
staring => muynegativo
stars => muypositivo
start => positivo
started => positivo
starting => negativo
startled => muynegativo
startling => muynegativo
starts => negativo
starves => muynegativo
state => negativo
state*s => negativo
stated => negativo
statement => negativo
statements => negativo
states => negativo
statesman => negativo
static => negativo
stating => negativo
station => negativo
stations => negativo
statistical => negativo
statistics => negativo
statue => negativo
stature => negativo
status => negativo
statute => negativo
statutory => negativo
stay => positivo
stayed => negativo
staying => negativo
steadily => positivo
steady => positivo
steak => positivo
steals => muynegativo
steam => negativo
steamy => muypositivo
steel => negativo
steely => muynegativo
steep => positivo
stem => negativo
stems => negativo
step => negativo
stepdad => negativo
stepped => negativo
steps => muynegativo
stereo => positivo
stereotype => muynegativo
stern => muynegativo
stick => negativo
stick*s => negativo
sticks => negativo
stiff => muynegativo
still => negativo
stimulation => muypositivo
stimulus => positivo
stirred => negativo
stirring => negativo
stock => negativo
stockade => negativo
stockholders => positivo
stocks => negativo
stole => muynegativo
stolen => muynegativo
stomach => negativo
stomp => muynegativo
stomping => muynegativo
stone => negativo
stones => negativo
stoning => muynegativo
stood => negativo
stop => negativo
stopped => negativo
stopping => negativo
storage => negativo
store => negativo
stored => muynegativo
stores => negativo
stories => positivo
storm => negativo
story => positivo
stove => negativo
stow => muynegativo
stowing => muynegativo
straight => negativo
straightened => negativo
strain => muynegativo
strained => muynegativo
strange => muynegativo
stranger => muynegativo
strangle => muynegativo
strapless => negativo
strapped => negativo
strategic => positivo
strategy => negativo
straw => muynegativo
stray => muynegativo
streak => muynegativo
streaking => muynegativo
stream => positivo
streams => positivo
street => negativo
streetcar => negativo
streets => negativo
strength => muypositivo
strengthen => positivo
strengthening => positivo
strenuous => muynegativo
stress => muynegativo
stressed => muynegativo
stresses => muynegativo
stressor => muynegativo
stretch => negativo
stretched => negativo
stretching => negativo
strict => muynegativo
strictly => muynegativo
stride => positivo
strike => negativo
strikes => negativo
striking => negativo
string => muynegativo
strings => negativo
strip => negativo
stripped => muynegativo
strips => negativo
strode => negativo
stroke => negativo
strokes => negativo
strong => positivo
stronger => negativo
strongest => positivo
strongly => negativo
struck => muynegativo
structural => negativo
structure => negativo
structured => negativo
structures => negativo
struggle => muynegativo
struggling => muynegativo
stubborn => muynegativo
stuck => muynegativo
student => positivo
students => positivo
studied => negativo
studies => negativo
studio => negativo
study => positivo
studying => negativo
stuff => negativo
stumble => muynegativo
stumbled => muynegativo
stupefied => muynegativo
stupid => muynegativo
sturdy => positivo
style => positivo
styles => positivo
subdivision => negativo
subject => negativo
subjected => negativo
subjective => negativo
subjects => negativo
submarine => muynegativo
submarines => negativo
submit => muynegativo
submitted => muynegativo
subsequent => muynegativo
subsequently => negativo
subsistence => muynegativo
substance => negativo
substances => negativo
substantial => muynegativo
substantially => negativo
substitute => negativo
substituted => muynegativo
subtle => muynegativo
subtlety => negativo
suburb => negativo
suburban => negativo
suburbs => negativo
subways => negativo
succeed => muypositivo
succeeded => muypositivo
success => muypositivo
successes => muypositivo
successful => muypositivo
successfully => muypositivo
succession => positivo
successive => negativo
successor => positivo
such => negativo
sucks => muynegativo
sudden => muynegativo
suddenly => negativo
sue => muynegativo
suffer => muynegativo
suffered => muynegativo
suffering => muynegativo
sufficient => positivo
sufficiently => negativo
suffocate => muynegativo
sugar => positivo
suggest => negativo
suggested => negativo
suggesting => positivo
suggestions => negativo
suggests => negativo
suicidal => negativo
suicide => muynegativo
suit => negativo
suitable => negativo
suitcase => negativo
suite => positivo
suited => negativo
suits => negativo
sulk => muynegativo
sum => negativo
summaries => negativo
summary => negativo
summer => muypositivo
summers => muypositivo
summit => negativo
summoned => negativo
summons => muynegativo
sums => negativo
sun => positivo
sunday => positivo
sung => positivo
sunglasses => positivo
sunlight => positivo
sunny => muypositivo
sunrise => muypositivo
sunset => muypositivo
superb => muypositivo
superintendent => negativo
superior => negativo
superiority => negativo
supernatural => positivo
supervision => muynegativo
supper => muypositivo
supplement => negativo
supplied => positivo
supplies => negativo
supply => negativo
supplying => negativo
support => muypositivo
supported => muypositivo
supporting => muypositivo
supports => muypositivo
suppose => muynegativo
supposed => muynegativo
supposedly => muynegativo
supreme => positivo
sure => positivo
surely => positivo
surer => negativo
surface => negativo
surfaces => negativo
surgeon => negativo
surplus => positivo
surprise => muypositivo
� => muypositivo
surprising => muypositivo
surprisingly => positivo
surrender => muynegativo
surrounded => muynegativo
surrounding => negativo
survey => muynegativo
surveys => muynegativo
survival => muypositivo
survive => muypositivo
survived => positivo
surviving => muypositivo
survivor => positivo
survivors => positivo
suspect => muynegativo
suspected => muynegativo
suspended => muynegativo
suspension => muynegativo
suspicion => muynegativo
suspicious => muynegativo
sustain => negativo
sustained => negativo
swallow => negativo
swallowed => negativo
swear => negativo
sweat => negativo
sweep => muynegativo
sweeping => negativo
sweet => muypositivo
swelling => muynegativo
swept => negativo
swift => negativo
swiftly => positivo
swim => muypositivo
swimmer => positivo
swimming => positivo
swing => positivo
swinging => positivo
swishing => muynegativo
swiss => negativo
switch => negativo
switched => negativo
switches => negativo
switzerland => positivo
swollen => muynegativo
swore => muynegativo
swung => negativo
symbol => negativo
symbolic => negativo
symbolized => negativo
symbols => negativo
sympathetic => positivo
sympathy => positivo
symphony => positivo
symptoms => muynegativo
synthesis => negativo
synthetic => muynegativo
system => negativo
systematic => muynegativo
systematically => muynegativo
systems => muynegativo
tab => negativo
table => negativo
tables => negativo
tackle => negativo
tacky => muynegativo
tactics => negativo
tactless => muynegativo
tail => negativo
take => negativo
taken => negativo
takes => negativo
taking => negativo
tale => positivo
talent => muypositivo
talents => muypositivo
tales => positivo
talk => positivo
talked => positivo
talking => positivo
talks => positivo
tall => positivo
tangible => negativo
tank => muynegativo
tanks => muynegativo
tantalizing => negativo
tap => negativo
tape => negativo
tar => negativo
target => negativo
targeted => negativo
targets => negativo
tarried => negativo
task => positivo
tasks => negativo
taste => positivo
tasted => positivo
tastes => positivo
tattoo => negativo
taught => negativo
tax => muynegativo
taxation => muynegativo
taxed => muynegativo
taxes => muynegativo
taxi => negativo
taxpayer => muynegativo
taxpayers => muynegativo
tea => positivo
teach => positivo
teacher => positivo
teachers => negativo
teaches => positivo
teaching => positivo
team => muypositivo
teams => positivo
tear => muynegativo
tears => muynegativo
technical => muynegativo
technicians => muynegativo
technique => muynegativo
techniques => muynegativo
technological => negativo
technology => negativo
teen-agers => positivo
teeth => positivo
telegraph => positivo
telephone => positivo
telephoned => negativo
television => positivo
tell => negativo
telling => negativo
tells => negativo
temper => muynegativo
temperature => negativo
temperatures => negativo
temple => negativo
temporarily => negativo
temporary => negativo
temptation => negativo
tempted => negativo
ten => positivo
tend => negativo
tended => negativo
tendency => positivo
tender => positivo
tends => negativo
tennis => positivo
tense => muynegativo
tensing => muynegativo
tension => muynegativo
tensions => muynegativo
tent => positivo
tentative => negativo
tents => negativo
tenure => negativo
term => negativo
termed => negativo
terminal => negativo
terminate => muynegativo
terms => negativo
terrible => muynegativo
terribly => muynegativo
territorial => negativo
territory => negativo
terror => muynegativo
test => muynegativo
testament => negativo
tested => negativo
testified => muynegativo
testimony => muynegativo
testing => muynegativo
tests => muynegativo
text => muynegativo
textbook => negativo
textile => negativo
textiles => negativo
texture => negativo
than => negativo
thank => positivo
thanks => positivo
that => negativo
that*s => negativo
the => negativo
theater => positivo
theaters => muypositivo
theatre => muypositivo
theatrical => muypositivo
thee => negativo
theft => muynegativo
their => negativo
theirs => negativo
them => negativo
theme => negativo
themselves => positivo
then => negativo
theological => negativo
theology => negativo
theoretical => negativo
theories => negativo
theory => negativo
therapeutic => muypositivo
therapist => negativo
therapy => positivo
there => negativo
there*s => negativo
thereafter => negativo
thereby => negativo
therefore => negativo
thereof => negativo
thereto => negativo
thermal => muynegativo
thermals => muynegativo
thermometer => negativo
these => muynegativo
thesis => negativo
they => negativo
they*d => negativo
they*ll => negativo
they*re => negativo
they*ve => negativo
thick => negativo
thicket => muynegativo
thickets => muynegativo
thickness => negativo
thin => negativo
thing => negativo
thing*s => negativo
things => negativo
think => positivo
thinking => negativo
thinks => negativo
thinnest => negativo
third => negativo
thirteen => negativo
thirty => positivo
thirty-five => negativo
this => negativo
thorough => negativo
thoroughly => negativo
those => negativo
thou => negativo
though => negativo
thought => negativo
thoughtful => positivo
thoughtfully => positivo
thoughts => positivo
thousand => positivo
thousands => positivo
thread => negativo
threat => muynegativo
threaten => muynegativo
threatened => muynegativo
threatening => muynegativo
threats => muynegativo
three => negativo
three-dimensional => positivo
threshold => negativo
threw => negativo
thrive => positivo
throat => negativo
through => negativo
throughout => negativo
throw => negativo
throwing => negativo
thrown => muynegativo
thru => negativo
thrust => negativo
thumb => negativo
thunder => negativo
thunders => negativo
thundery => negativo
thursday => positivo
thus => negativo
thy => negativo
thyroid => negativo
ticket => positivo
tickets => negativo
ticking => negativo
tickling => positivo
tickly => positivo
tics => negativo
tide => positivo
tidy => positivo
tie => negativo
tied => negativo
ties => negativo
tiff => muynegativo
tight => negativo
tightly => negativo
til => negativo
tile => negativo
till => negativo
tilted => negativo
tim => negativo
timber => negativo
time => negativo
times => negativo
timing => negativo
timorous => negativo
tin => negativo
tingle => positivo
tinny => negativo
tiny => negativo
tip => positivo
tipping => negativo
tips => positivo
tire => muynegativo
tired => muynegativo
tires => muynegativo
tissue => positivo
tissues => negativo
title => negativo
titled => negativo
titles => negativo
to => negativo
toady => negativo
toast => positivo
tobacco => muynegativo
today => negativo
today*s => negativo
toes => negativo
together => positivo
toilet => muynegativo
toiling => muynegativo
token => muynegativo
told => muynegativo
toll => muynegativo
tom => negativo
tomb => muynegativo
tombstone => muynegativo
tomorrow => muynegativo
ton => negativo
tone => negativo
tones => negativo
tongue => positivo
tonight => positivo
tons => negativo
too => negativo
took => negativo
tool => negativo
tools => negativo
tooth => negativo
toothpaste => negativo
top => positivo
topics => negativo
toppings => positivo
tops => negativo
tore => negativo
torn => muynegativo
tossed => muynegativo
total => negativo
totally => negativo
tote => negativo
touch => positivo
touched => positivo
touches => muypositivo
touching => muypositivo
touchy => negativo
tough => negativo
tougher => muynegativo
tour => positivo
tourist => positivo
tourists => positivo
tournament => positivo
tours => positivo
tow => muynegativo
toward => negativo
towards => negativo
towed => muynegativo
towels => negativo
tower => negativo
towering => muynegativo
town => positivo
town*s => negativo
townhouse => positivo
towns => negativo
toying => positivo
toys => muypositivo
trace => negativo
traced => negativo
tracing => negativo
track => muynegativo
tracks => negativo
tract => negativo
tractor => negativo
trade => negativo
traders => negativo
trading => negativo
tradition => positivo
traditional => positivo
traditionally => negativo
traditions => positivo
traffic => muynegativo
tragedy => muynegativo
tragic => muynegativo
trail => positivo
trailer => negativo
trailers => negativo
trails => negativo
train => negativo
train*s => negativo
trained => positivo
training => negativo
trains => negativo
tramp => muynegativo
tranquillizer => negativo
tranquillizers => muynegativo
transaction => negativo
transducer => negativo
transfer => negativo
transferred => muynegativo
transfers => muynegativo
transformation => negativo
transformed => negativo
transistor => negativo
transit => negativo
transition => negativo
translate => positivo
translated => negativo
translation => negativo
transmission => muynegativo
transom => muynegativo
transparent => muynegativo
transport => negativo
transportation => positivo
trap => muynegativo
traumatic => muynegativo
travel => muypositivo
travelled => muypositivo
travelling => muypositivo
tray => negativo
treasurer => positivo
treasury => muypositivo
treat => muypositivo
treated => muypositivo
treating => muypositivo
treatment => positivo
treatments => negativo
treats => muypositivo
treaty => negativo
tree => muypositivo
trees => muypositivo
tremble => muynegativo
trembling => muynegativo
tremendous => positivo
tremendously => positivo
trend => muynegativo
trends => negativo
trial => muynegativo
trials => muynegativo
tribes => positivo
tribune => negativo
tribunes => negativo
tribute => positivo
trick => muynegativo
tried => negativo
tries => negativo
trigger => muynegativo
trim => negativo
trinkets => negativo
trip => positivo
tripods => negativo
trippers => negativo
trips => positivo
triumph => muypositivo
trivial => negativo
troop => negativo
troops => negativo
tropical => muypositivo
trot => negativo
trotting => positivo
trouble => muynegativo
troubled => muynegativo
troubles => muynegativo
truck => negativo
trucker => negativo
trucks => negativo
true => positivo
truelove => muypositivo
truly => muypositivo
trust => muypositivo
trusted => positivo
trustees => negativo
truth => muypositivo
try => positivo
trying => positivo
tryouts => positivo
tsar => muynegativo
tsarist => muynegativo
tub => positivo
tube => negativo
tubes => negativo
tuesday => negativo
tugging => negativo
tumbled => muynegativo
tumor => muynegativo
tumultuous => muynegativo
tune => positivo
tunnel => negativo
turkish => negativo
turmoil => muynegativo
turn => negativo
turned => negativo
turning => muynegativo
turnpike => negativo
turns => negativo
turtles => positivo
tv => positivo
tweaked => negativo
twelve => positivo
twenties => positivo
twentieth => negativo
twenty => positivo
twenty-five => negativo
twenty-four => negativo
twice => positivo
twig => negativo
twigs => negativo
twins => positivo
twirled => positivo
twist => negativo
twisted => muynegativo
twisting => muynegativo
two => positivo
two-thirds => positivo
type => positivo
types => muynegativo
typewriter => negativo
typical => negativo
typically => negativo
tyranny => muynegativo
ufo => positivo
ufos => positivo
ugh => muynegativo
ugly => muynegativo
ultimate => positivo
ultimately => negativo
ultraviolet => negativo
umbilical => negativo
unable => muynegativo
unanimously => negativo
unanswered => muynegativo
unaware => muynegativo
unburdened => positivo
uncertain => muynegativo
uncertainty => muynegativo
uncle => negativo
uncombed => muynegativo
uncomfortable => muynegativo
unconscious => muynegativo
unconsciously => muynegativo
uncurled => muynegativo
under => negativo
undercover => positivo
underdeveloped => muynegativo
undergoing => negativo
undergone => muynegativo
undergraduate => negativo
underground => negativo
underlying => muynegativo
underneath => muynegativo
underpaid => muynegativo
understand => positivo
understandable => positivo
understanding => positivo
understood => positivo
understudy => negativo
undertake => negativo
undertaken => negativo
underwater => positivo
undesirable => muynegativo
undoubtedly => negativo
undue => negativo
uneasy => muynegativo
unemployment => muynegativo
unexpected => negativo
unexpectedly => negativo
unfair => muynegativo
unfairness => muynegativo
unfamiliar => negativo
unfortunate => muynegativo
unfortunately => muynegativo
unfriendly => muynegativo
unhappy => muynegativo
unicorn => positivo
unidentified => muynegativo
unified => positivo
uniform => negativo
uniformity => negativo
uniforms => muynegativo
union => negativo
unions => muynegativo
unique => positivo
uniquely => positivo
unit => negativo
unite => positivo
united => positivo
units => negativo
unity => positivo
universal => positivo
universe => muypositivo
universities => positivo
university => positivo
university*s => positivo
unjustly => negativo
unkindly => muynegativo
unknown => negativo
unless => muynegativo
unlike => muynegativo
unlikely => muynegativo
unlimited => positivo
unlocked => muynegativo
unlovable => muynegativo
unnecessary => muynegativo
unpacking => negativo
unplanned => negativo
unpleasant => muynegativo
unprecedented => negativo
unproductive => muynegativo
unpronouncable => muynegativo
unquestionably => negativo
unreserved => negativo
unripe => muynegativo
unsure => muynegativo
untied => negativo
until => negativo
untiring => positivo
unto => muynegativo
unusual => negativo
unusually => muynegativo
unwed => muynegativo
unwind => positivo
unwrapped => muynegativo
up => negativo
upbringing => positivo
uphill => muynegativo
uplifting => muypositivo
upon => negativo
upper => positivo
upright => negativo
uprooted => muynegativo
upset => muynegativo
upsetting => muynegativo
upstairs => negativo
upward => positivo
urban => negativo
urge => negativo
urged => negativo
urgency => muynegativo
urgent => muynegativo
urging => muynegativo
us => muypositivo
usage => negativo
use => negativo
used => muynegativo
useful => muypositivo
usefulness => muypositivo
useless => muynegativo
uses => negativo
using => negativo
usual => negativo
usually => negativo
utility => negativo
utilize => negativo
utilized => muynegativo
utopia => muypositivo
utopian => muypositivo
utter => negativo
utterly => negativo
vacant => muynegativo
vacated => muynegativo
vacation => muypositivo
vacuum => muynegativo
vagrant => muynegativo
vague => muynegativo
vaguely => muynegativo
vain => muynegativo
valid => positivo
validity => negativo
valium => muypositivo
valley => muypositivo
valour => positivo
valuable => muypositivo
value => positivo
valued => muypositivo
values => muypositivo
vamp => muynegativo
van => negativo
vanilla => muypositivo
vanished => muynegativo
vapor => negativo
variable => negativo
variables => muynegativo
variation => positivo
variations => positivo
varied => negativo
varies => negativo
variety => positivo
various => negativo
vary => positivo
varying => negativo
vases => positivo
vast => positivo
vastly => negativo
vastness => negativo
vector => negativo
vegetable => positivo
vegetables => positivo
vegetarian => positivo
vehicle => positivo
vehicles => positivo
vein => muynegativo
velocity => negativo
vengeance => muynegativo
vent => muynegativo
venture => positivo
venus => positivo
verbal => negativo
verdict => muynegativo
verse => negativo
version => negativo
vertebrate => negativo
vertical => negativo
very => negativo
vessel => negativo
vessels => muynegativo
vests => negativo
vet => negativo
veteran => positivo
veterans => negativo
veto => muynegativo
vetoed => muynegativo
via => muynegativo
vice => negativo
vice-president => negativo
vicious => muynegativo
viciously => muynegativo
victim => muynegativo
victims => muynegativo
victor => positivo
victorious => muypositivo
victory => muypositivo
videos => negativo
videotape => positivo
view => positivo
viewed => negativo
viewing => negativo
viewpoint => negativo
views => positivo
vigor => positivo
vigorous => positivo
vigorously => positivo
village => positivo
villages => positivo
violation => muynegativo
violence => muynegativo
violent => muynegativo
violently => muynegativo
violin => positivo
virgin => positivo
virgin*s => positivo
virtually => negativo
virtue => muypositivo
virtues => positivo
virus => muynegativo
viscosity => negativo
visible => negativo
vision => positivo
visit => muypositivo
visited => muypositivo
visiting => positivo
visitor => positivo
visitors => muypositivo
visits => positivo
visual => positivo
vital => positivo
vitality => positivo
vitamins => negativo
vivid => negativo
vocal => positivo
vocals => positivo
vocational => negativo
voice => negativo
voices => negativo
void => muynegativo
volatile => muynegativo
volcano => muynegativo
volleyball => positivo
voltage => muynegativo
volume => negativo
volumes => negativo
voluntary => positivo
volunteers => positivo
vomit => muynegativo
vote => negativo
voted => negativo
voters => negativo
votes => muynegativo
voting => muynegativo
voyage => muypositivo
voyages => muypositivo
vulnerable => muynegativo
wad => muynegativo
waddled => muynegativo
wading => negativo
wag => negativo
wage => muynegativo
wages => negativo
wagon => negativo
wagons => negativo
waist => negativo
wait => muynegativo
waited => muynegativo
waiter => negativo
waiting => muynegativo
wake => muynegativo
waked => muynegativo
wakened => negativo
waking => positivo
wales => muynegativo
walk => negativo
walked => positivo
walker => positivo
walking => positivo
walks => muypositivo
wall => negativo
wallow => muynegativo
walls => negativo
walnut => negativo
want => negativo
wanted => positivo
wanting => negativo
wants => negativo
war => muynegativo
ward => muynegativo
warfare => muynegativo
warm => muypositivo
warmed => positivo
warmth => muypositivo
warn => negativo
warned => muynegativo
warning => muynegativo
warrant => negativo
warren => negativo
wars => muynegativo
wart => muynegativo
was => negativo
wash => negativo
washed => negativo
washing => negativo
washroom => muynegativo
wasn*t => muynegativo
waste => muynegativo
wasted => muynegativo
watch => positivo
watched => negativo
watching => negativo
water => positivo
waterfront => muypositivo
watermelon => muypositivo
waters => muypositivo
waterski => positivo
wave => positivo
waved => negativo
wavering => muynegativo
waves => muypositivo
waving => positivo
wax => negativo
way => negativo
ways => negativo
we => positivo
we*d => negativo
we*ll => positivo
we*re => muynegativo
we*ve => negativo
weak => muynegativo
weakness => muynegativo
wealth => positivo
wealthy => muypositivo
weapon => muynegativo
weapons => muynegativo
wear => negativo
wearing => negativo
weary => muynegativo
weasel => muynegativo
weather => negativo
weathers => negativo
web => negativo
wedding => muypositivo
wednesday => negativo
weed => negativo
week => negativo
weekdays => positivo
weekend => muypositivo
weekly => positivo
weeks => negativo
weep => muynegativo
weighed => negativo
weight => muynegativo
weights => negativo
weird => negativo
welcome => muypositivo
welcomed => muypositivo
welfare => negativo
well => muypositivo
well-known => muypositivo
well-oiled => negativo
wells => negativo
went => negativo
were => negativo
weren*t => muynegativo
werewolf => muynegativo
werewolves => muynegativo
west => positivo
western => negativo
westerner => negativo
wet => positivo
whale => positivo
whales => muypositivo
what => negativo
what*ll => negativo
what*s => negativo
whatever => muynegativo
whatsit => negativo
wheedled => negativo
wheel => negativo
wheeled => negativo
wheels => negativo
when => negativo
whenever => negativo
where => negativo
where*ve => negativo
whereas => negativo
whereby => negativo
wherefor => negativo
wherever => muynegativo
whether => negativo
which => negativo
while => negativo
whimp => muynegativo
whimper => muynegativo
whimpered => muynegativo
whimpering => muynegativo
whinnying => negativo
whip => muynegativo
whipped => muynegativo
whips => muynegativo
whirling => negativo
whisk => negativo
whiskey => negativo
whisky => negativo
whisper => muypositivo
whispered => muypositivo
whistles => muypositivo
whistling => muypositivo
white => negativo
whites => negativo
who => negativo
who*ll => negativo
who*s => negativo
whole => negativo
wholesome => positivo
wholly => positivo
whom => negativo
whomever => negativo
whose => negativo
why => negativo
wide => negativo
widely => positivo
wider => negativo
widespread => negativo
widow => muynegativo
width => negativo
wife => muypositivo
wife*s => positivo
wild => positivo
wilderness => muypositivo
wildlife => muypositivo
wildly => positivo
wilds => negativo
will => negativo
willing => positivo
willingness => positivo
willows => muypositivo
wilted => muynegativo
wimp => muynegativo
win => muypositivo
wincing => muynegativo
wind => positivo
windings => negativo
window => positivo
windows => muypositivo
winds => muypositivo
wine => positivo
wines => positivo
wing => positivo
wings => positivo
winning => muypositivo
winter => positivo
wipe => muynegativo
wiped => muynegativo
wipers => muynegativo
wipes => muynegativo
wire => muynegativo
wired => muynegativo
wires => negativo
wisdom => muypositivo
wise => muypositivo
wish => muypositivo
wished => muypositivo
wishes => muypositivo
wit => negativo
witch*s => muynegativo
with => negativo
within => negativo
without => muynegativo
witness => negativo
witnessed => negativo
witnesses => negativo
witty => muypositivo
wives => positivo
woke => negativo
woken => muynegativo
wolf*s => negativo
woman => muypositivo
woman*s => positivo
women => muypositivo
women*s => muypositivo
won => muypositivo
won*t => muynegativo
wonder => positivo
wondered => positivo
wonderful => muypositivo
wonderfully => muypositivo
wondering => muypositivo
wood => positivo
wooden => negativo
woods => muypositivo
woodsmen => negativo
wool => muypositivo
word => negativo
words => negativo
wore => muynegativo
work => negativo
workaholic => muynegativo
worked => negativo
worker => muynegativo
workers => negativo
working => positivo
works => negativo
workshop => positivo
world => positivo
world*s => negativo
world-wide => positivo
wormed => muynegativo
worn => muynegativo
worried => muynegativo
worries => muynegativo
worry => muynegativo
worse => muynegativo
worship => negativo
worst => muynegativo
worth => positivo
worthiness => negativo
worthy => positivo
would => negativo
wouldn*t => negativo
wound => muynegativo
wounded => muynegativo
wow => muypositivo
wraiths => negativo
wrapped => negativo
wren => negativo
wrestling => positivo
wriggled => negativo
wright => negativo
wrinkled => negativo
wrist => positivo
write => negativo
writer => negativo
writers => negativo
writes => positivo
writing => negativo
writings => negativo
written => positivo
wrong => muynegativo
wrongful => muynegativo
wrongly => muynegativo
wrote => negativo
x-ray => muynegativo
yankee => negativo
yankees => negativo
yap => negativo
yard => positivo
yards => positivo
yarn => negativo
yawned => muynegativo
ye => negativo
yeah => muypositivo
year => negativo
year*s => negativo
yearly => muynegativo
years => negativo
yech => muynegativo
yelled => muynegativo
yellow => positivo
yells => muynegativo
yelping => muynegativo
yes => muypositivo
yesterday => muypositivo
yet => negativo
yield => muynegativo
yielded => negativo
yodel => negativo
you => positivo
you*d => negativo
you*ll => negativo
you*re => negativo
you*ve => negativo
young => muypositivo
younger => muypositivo
youngest => positivo
youngsters => positivo
your => negativo
yours => negativo
yourself => negativo
youth => muypositivo
youthful => muypositivo
youths => muypositivo
yuch => muynegativo
yuchy => muynegativo
zapped => muynegativo
zen => negativo
zeppelin => negativo
zero => negativo
zigzagged => negativo
zinc => negativo
zone => muynegativo