gracias => positivo
agradecimiento => positivo
suerte => positivo
solidaridad => positivo
urge => negativo
urgir => negativo
urgencia => negativo
transparencia ya => muynegativo
demagógico => negativo
consenso => positivo
felicidad => muypositivo
dificil => negativo
testarudez => muynegativo
despilfarro => muynegativo
recorte => muynegativo
recortes => muynegativo
devaluar => muynegativo
tragedia => muynegativo
etarra => negativo
eta => negativo
mala suerte => muynegativo
buena suerte => muypositivo
horribilis => muynegativo
rencor => muynegativo
enhorabuena => muypositivo
paz => positivo
guerra =>  negativo
mafia => negativo
alegre => muypositivo
estigma => muynegativo
premio => positivo
regalo => positivo
regalar => positivo
ganar => positivo
derrochar => muynegativo
derroche => muynegativo
denunciar => muynegativo
denuncia => muynegativo
deuda => muynegativo
crecimiento => muypositivo
beneficio => positivo
igualdad => positivo
corrupción => muynegativo
contaminar => negativo
contaminado => negativo
desempleo => muynegativo
dificultad => negativo
acusado => negativo
acusada => negativo
chulo => positivo
chula => positivo
deficiente => negativo
que chulo => muypositivo
que chula => muypositivo
harto => negativo
enfadado => muynegativo
verguenza => negativo
manipulación => muynegativo
bueno => muypositivo
abobinable => muynegativo
abrupto => muynegativo
absurdo => muynegativo
abusivo => muynegativo
abusón => muynegativo
adverso => muynegativo
agresivo => muynegativo
alarmante => muynegativo
amargo => muynegativo
ambiguo => muynegativo
anal => muynegativo
analfabeto => muynegativo
angustioso => muynegativo
anormal => muynegativo
ansioso => muynegativo
aprensivo => muynegativo
arrogante => muynegativo
baboso => muynegativo
bacteriano => muynegativo
barato => muynegativo
barroso => muynegativo
bastardo => muynegativo
bobo => muynegativo
bozal => muynegativo
bruto => muynegativo
burlón => muynegativo
catastrófico => muynegativo
cobarde => muynegativo
colérico => muynegativo
confuso => muynegativo
contaminante => muynegativo
criticón => muynegativo
crudo => muynegativo
cruel => muynegativo
debilucho => muynegativo
delincuente => muynegativo
demente => muynegativo
denso => muynegativo
desafiante => muynegativo
desastroso => muynegativo
descontento => muynegativo
descontenta => muynegativo
desgarrador => muynegativo
desilusionante => muynegativo
desleal => muynegativo
destrozón => muynegativo
destructivo => muynegativo
disconforme => muynegativo
disperso => muynegativo
dolorido => muynegativo
doloroso => muynegativo
dominante => muynegativo
dubitativo => muynegativo
duro => muynegativo
débil => muynegativo
escalofriante => muynegativo
esclavo => muynegativo
esne => muynegativo
espantoso => muynegativo
estresante => muynegativo
estricto => muynegativo
estúpido => muynegativo
extrar => muynegativo
fugaz => muynegativo
gordo => muynegativo
graso => muynegativo
gri => muynegativo
hippy => muynegativo
hiriente => muynegativo
maricón => muynegativo
horrible => muynegativo
horroroso => muynegativo
hostil => muynegativo
ignorante => muynegativo
limitar => muynegativo
impaciente => muynegativo
imposible => muynegativo
impronunciable => muynegativo
incidente => muynegativo
incipiente => muynegativo
incompetente => muynegativo
incompleto => muynegativo
inconfortable => muynegativo
incorrecto => muynegativo
incómodo => muynegativo
indiferente => muynegativo
infantil => muynegativo
infeliz => muynegativo
inferior => muynegativo
inflexible => muynegativo
inmaduro => muynegativo
inmediato => muynegativo
insensible => muynegativo
insignificante => muynegativo
insoportable => muynegativo
insuficiente => muynegativo
insufrible => muynegativo
intranquilo => muynegativo
inusual => muynegativo
invencible => muynegativo
inútil => muynegativo
irrisorio => muynegativo
irritable => muynegativo
irritante => muynegativo
lamentable => muynegativo
lento => muynegativo
loco => muynegativo
luminoso => muynegativo
malcontento => muynegativo
maldito => muynegativo
malo => muynegativo
maltratador => muynegativo
malvar => muynegativo
mandón => muynegativo
mangante => muynegativo
marchito => muynegativo
marginal => muynegativo
marico => muynegativo
terrible => muynegativo
melancólico => muynegativo
mentiroso => muynegativo
meón => muynegativo
miserable => muynegativo
mohoso => muynegativo
monstruoso => muynegativo
inmoral => muynegativo
mortal => muynegativo
nazi => muynegativo
nefasto => muynegativo
negativo => muynegativo
nervioso => muynegativo
nulo => muynegativo
nula => muynegativo
ordinario => muynegativo
oscuro => muynegativo
particular => muynegativo
patético => muynegativo
peculiar => muynegativo
pegajoso => muynegativo
peleón => muynegativo
peligroso => muynegativo
penal => muynegativo
penoso => muynegativo
perplejo => muynegativo
pintoresco => muynegativo
pocho => muynegativo
poroso => muynegativo
porrista => muynegativo
porreto => muynegativo
posesivo => muynegativo
preocupante => muynegativo
prepotente => muynegativo
presunto => muynegativo
primitivo => muynegativo
prohibitivo => muynegativo
protestante => muynegativo
puto => muynegativo
putrefacto => muynegativo
radical => muynegativo
repulsivo => muynegativo
revolucionario => muynegativo
ridículo => muynegativo
sangriento => muynegativo
siniestro => muynegativo
snob => muynegativo
sospechoso => muynegativo
subjetivo => muynegativo
insuficiente => muynegativo
inferior => muynegativo
insustancial => muynegativo
perjudicial => muynegativo
temeroso => muynegativo
tenso => muynegativo
tieso => muynegativo
timador => muynegativo
tonto => muynegativo
torpe => muynegativo
tosco => muynegativo
trasero => muynegativo
tropical => muynegativo
tumultuoso => muynegativo
vago => muynegativo
vicioso => muynegativo
vulnerable => muynegativo
yankear => muynegativo
zen => muynegativo
decepcionante => muynegativo
:-( => muynegativo
:( => muynegativo
moriiiirrrrr.... => muynegativo
admirable => muypositivo
afortunado => muypositivo
ahorrador => muypositivo
amable => muypositivo
amigable => muypositivo
amistoso => muypositivo
amoroso => muypositivo
apasionante => muypositivo
alucinante => muypositivo
apetitoso => muypositivo
bello => muypositivo
bienvenido => muypositivo
bonito => muypositivo
competitivo => muypositivo
confortable => muypositivo
contrario => muypositivo
costoso => muypositivo
deslumbrante => muypositivo
destacable => muypositivo
diferencial => muypositivo
edificante => muypositivo
encantador => muypositivo
especial => muypositivo
espectacular => muypositivo
esperanzador => muypositivo
espléndido => muypositivo
estable => muypositivo
estupendo => muypositivo
estupenda => muypositivo
excepcional => muypositivo
exitoso => muypositivo
extravagante => muypositivo
fantástico => muypositivo
fascinante => muypositivo
favorito => muypositivo
feliz => muypositivo
fenomenal => muypositivo
gentil => muypositivo
glorioso => muypositivo
grandioso => muypositivo
gustoso => muypositivo
habilidoso => muypositivo
habitual => muypositivo
halagador => muypositivo
heroico => muypositivo
hiper => muypositivo
hipnotizador => muypositivo
honesto => muypositivo
honorario => muypositivo
ideal => muypositivo
inteligente => muypositivo
intensivo => muypositivo
interesante => muypositivo
invencible => muypositivo
juvenil => muypositivo
magnífico => muypositivo
majestuoso => muypositivo
maravilloso => muypositivo
modélico => muypositivo
optimista => muypositivo
orgulloso => muypositivo
perfeccionista => muypositivo
perfecto => muypositivo
productivo => muypositivo
puntero => muypositivo
responsable => muypositivo
resultón => muypositivo
risueño => muypositivo
sabroso => muypositivo
jugoso => muypositivo
sagrar => muypositivo
soportable => muypositivo
supremo => muypositivo
sublimir => muypositivo
impresionante => muypositivo
colosal => muypositivo
tranquilo => muypositivo
valioso => muypositivo
sobresaliente => muypositivo
ingenioso => muypositivo
inmejorable => muypositivo
innovador => muypositivo
formidable => muypositivo
juapetar => muypositivo
felicidaad => muypositivo
abandonable => negativo
inaceptable => negativo
inactivo => negativo
agotador => negativo
asqueroso => negativo
arisco => negativo
borracho => negativo
cansino => negativo
caro => negativo
incoherente => negativo
incompetente => negativo
inconsciente => negativo
destructivo => negativo
inconveniente => negativo
incorrecto => negativo
indecente => negativo
defectuoso => negativo
dependiente => negativo
depresivo => negativo
deprimente => negativo
desagradable => negativo
desinfectante => negativo
detestable => negativo
dudoso => negativo
ineficaz => negativo
embarazoso => negativo
empollón => negativo
estupefacto => negativo
excesivo => negativo
exigente => negativo
inflexible => negativo
informal => negativo
hambriento => negativo
deshonor => negativo
idiotar => negativo
impertinente => negativo
impulsivo => negativo
inaceptable => negativo
incierto => negativo
incomible => negativo
independiente => negativo
indignante => negativo
indirecto => negativo
indiscriminado => negativo
indispensable => negativo
inesperar => negativo
infeccioso => negativo
innecesario => negativo
irracional => negativo
irrelevante => negativo
irónico => negativo
desleal => negativo
materialista => negativo
mediocre => negativo
mercenario => negativo
mordedor => negativo
nauseabundo => negativo
innecesario => negativo
anormal => negativo
oculto => negativo
opositor => negativo
palmar => negativo
impertinente => negativo
pirata => negativo
pobre => negativo
puñetero => negativo
raro => negativo
reaccionario => negativo
rencoroso => negativo
repugnante => negativo
restrictivo => negativo
simplista => negativo
solitario => negativo
soporífero => negativo
sordo => negativo
terco => negativo
vano => negativo
inútil => negativo
triste => negativo
soso => negativo
subdesarrollar => negativo
culpable => negativo
disfuncional => negativo
feo => negativo
holgazán => negativo
humillante => negativo
improductivo => negativo
incapaz => negativo
indeseable => negativo
quisquilloso => negativo
racista => negativo
chapucero => negativo
chapuza => negativo
criminal => negativo
delictivo => negativo
ilógico => negativo
indebir => negativo
inquietante => negativo
lelo => negativo
musgoso => negativo
inefable => negativo
sucio => negativo
sórdido => negativo
teatral => negativo
vanidoso => negativo
vergonzoso => negativo
fascista => negativo
aceptable => positivo
acogedor => positivo
activista => positivo
activo => positivo
agradable => positivo
alentador => positivo
alucinante => positivo
amplio => positivo
apasionante => positivo
atractivo => positivo
beneficioso => positivo
benevolente => positivo
buen => positivo
rico => positivo
benévolo => positivo
brillante => positivo
burbujeante => positivo
capaz => positivo
chachi => positivo
coherente => positivo
competente => positivo
comprensible => positivo
compulsivo => positivo
concebible => positivo
concluyente => positivo
confiable => positivo
conmovedor => positivo
conservador => positivo
considerable => positivo
consistente => positivo
constructivo => positivo
contento => positivo
contenta => positivo
convencional => positivo
conveniente => positivo
convincente => positivo
coqueto => positivo
correcto => positivo
corto => positivo
creativo => positivo
creciente => positivo
cómodo => positivo
decente => positivo
delicado => positivo
delicioso => positivo
deseoso => positivo
diligente => positivo
discreto => positivo
disponible => positivo
divino => positivo
dulzar => positivo
duradero => positivo
educador => positivo
educativo => positivo
eficaz => positivo
eficiente => positivo
elegante => positivo
elocuente => positivo
emocional => positivo
emocionante => positivo
emocionante => positivo
emotivo => positivo
entendible => positivo
entrañable => positivo
entusiasta => positivo
equitativo => positivo
erudito => positivo
esbelto => positivo
esencial => positivo
estudioso => positivo
estupend => positivo
excelente => positivo
exclusivo => positivo
extraordinario => positivo
famoso => positivo
favorable => positivo
femenino => positivo
fiable => positivo
fiel => positivo
flipante => positivo
funcional => positivo
fundamental => positivo
fácil => positivo
generoso => positivo
genial => positivo
gigante => positivo
guapo => positivo
hipnótico => positivo
honorable => positivo
humilde => positivo
hábil => positivo
idealista => positivo
imaginativo => positivo
impecable => positivo
importante => positivo
productivo => positivo
influyente => positivo
juerguista => positivo
leal => positivo
ligero => positivo
limpio => positivo
lineal => positivo
luchador => positivo
maduro => positivo
magistral => positivo
memorable => positivo
natural => positivo
necesario => positivo
noble => positivo
novedoso => positivo
nuevo => positivo
operativo => positivo
original => positivo
paciente => positivo
piadoso => positivo
pionero => positivo
plácido => positivo
popular => positivo
posible => positivo
positivo => positivo
potente => positivo
precioso => positivo
previsor => positivo
profesional => positivo
prometedor => positivo
racional => positivo
razonable => positivo
reconfortante => positivo
rentable => positivo
respetable => positivo
robusto => positivo
rotundo => positivo
saludable => positivo
satisfactorio => positivo
selectivo => positivo
silencioso => positivo
simple => positivo
sincero => positivo
singular => positivo
sobrio => positivo
tranquilizador => positivo
tranquilizante => positivo
valiente => positivo
victorioso => positivo
vivo => positivo
sensato => positivo
sereno => positivo
sociable => positivo
social => positivo
sonriente => positivo
alguno vez => negativo
amargamente => negativo
apenas => negativo
asquerosamente => negativo
bajo => negativo
confuso => negativo
confusa => negativo
desesperadamente => muynegativo
flojamente => negativo
lamentablemente => negativo
ligeramente => negativo
mal => negativo
malamente => negativo
menor => negativo
menos => negativo
nada => negativo
negativamente => negativo
ninguno => negativo
no => negativo
no ser => negativo
no haber => negativo
no ser nada => negativo
no uno => negativo
no ser uno => negativo
no haber uno => negativo
no resultar => negativo
no haber resultar => negativo
no demasiado => negativo
no ser demasiado => negativo
no haber demasiado => negativo
no mucho => negativo
no ser mucho => negativo
no haber mucho => negativo
no ser especialmente => negativo
no haber especialmente => negativo
no especialmente => negativo
no precisamente => negativo
no ser precisamente => negativo
no haber especialmente => negativo
no ser especialmente => negativo
no especialmente => negativo
no ser tanto => negativo
no tanto => negativo
no dar por sentado => muynegativo
nunca => negativo
para nada => negativo
no ser para nada => negativo
no ser en absoluto => negativo
en absoluto => negativo
en absoluto ser => negativo
echar en falta => negativo
para nada ser => negativo
patéticamente => negativo
peor => negativo
peor que => negativo
peor todavía => negativo
peor todavía que => negativo
poco => negativo
pocos => negativo
poca => negativo
pocas => negativo
poquísimo => negativo
tristemente => negativo
vagamente => negativo
nada => negativo
para nada => negativo
para nada ser => negativo
no poder => negativo
no haber poder => negativo
no poder decir => negativo
no especialmente => negativo
no parecer => negativo
no haber parecer => negativo
no siempre => negativo
no siempre ser => negativo
sin => negativo
sin ser => negativo
sin resultar => negativo
sin precisamente => negativo
sin ser precisamente => negativo
sin ser demasiado => negativo
sin demasiado => negativo
ni => negativo
ninguno tipo de => negativo
sin ninguno tipo de => negativo
cero => negativo
menos => negativo
menos que => negativo
ninguno => negativo
ninguno => negativo
malo => negativo
descuidadamente => negativo
horriblemente => negativo
abruptamente => positivo
absolutamente => positivo
activamente => positivo
adecuadamente => positivo
afablemente => positivo
afortunadamente => positivo
agradablemente => positivo
ampliamente => positivo
bastante => positivo
bien => positivo
buen => positivo
ciertamente => positivo
claramente => positivo
claro => positivo
considerablemente => positivo
correctamente => positivo
cuidadosamente => positivo
curiosamente => positivo
debidamente => positivo
decentemente => positivo
definitivamente => positivo
evidentemente => positivo
exactamente => positivo
excelentemente => positivo
exclusivamente => positivo
extremadamente => positivo
favorablemente => positivo
fantásticamente => positivo
felizmente => positivo
finalmente => positivo
firmemente => positivo
formalmente => positivo
francamente => positivo
fuertemente => positivo
gran => positivo
honestamente => positivo
igualmente => positivo
incluso => positivo
increíblemente => positivo
inesperadamente => positivo
inevitablemente => positivo
infinitamente => positivo
inmediatamente => positivo
instintivamente => positivo
intensamente => positivo
inusualmente => positivo
literalmente => positivo
maravillosamente => positivo
ma => positivo
más => positivo
mayor => positivo
mejor => positivo
muchísimo => positivo
mucho => positivo
mucho pero mucho => positivo
naturalmente => positivo
notablemente => positivo
perfectamente => positivo
permanentemente => positivo
plenamente => positivo
por él tanto => positivo
posiblemente => positivo
positivamente => positivo
principalmente => positivo
profundamente => positivo
puramente => positivo
razonablemente => positivo
realmente => positivo
relativamente => positivo
salvajemente => positivo
satisfactoriamente => positivo
si => positivo
significativamente => positivo
simplemente => positivo
sinceramente => positivo
sorprendentemente => positivo
suficientemente => positivo
super => positivo
súper => positivo
sustancialmente => positivo
tanto => positivo
terriblemente => positivo
totalmente => positivo
tremendamente => positivo
asco => muynegativo
basura => muynegativo
bazofio => muynegativo
bodrio => muynegativo
gran cagar => muynegativo
gran cagada => muynegativo
catástrofe => muynegativo
coñazo => muynegativo
culpa => muynegativo
de culo => muynegativo
de mierda => muynegativo
decepción => muynegativo
decepción mayúscular => muynegativo
el mayor basura => muynegativo
en mal estado => muynegativo
fiasco => muynegativo
fracaso => muynegativo
fracaso estrepitoso => muynegativo
fraude => muynegativo
horror => muynegativo
mierda => muynegativo
ser uno mierda => muynegativo
tirar el dinero => muynegativo
puta mierda => muynegativo
puta => muynegativo
puto => muynegativo
puto culo => muynegativo
gran cagado => muynegativo
ser una mierda => muynegativo
fracaso => muynegativo
truño => muynegativo
rumor => muynegativo
insufrible => muynegativo
coño => muynegativo
hasta coño => muynegativo
cojón => muynegativo
cojón => muynegativo
hasta cojón => muynegativo
hasta cojón => muynegativo
hasta nariz => muynegativo
absurdez => muynegativo
abusador => muynegativo
aflicción => muynegativo
agitación => muynegativo
agravante => muynegativo
aguafiesta => muynegativo
aislamiento => muynegativo
amarguro => muynegativo
amputación => muynegativo
aniquilación => muynegativo
ano => muynegativo
ansiedad => muynegativo
aplastamiento => muynegativo
arrepentimiento => muynegativo
asesinato => muynegativo
bazofio => muynegativo
bodrio => muynegativo
carencia => muynegativo
carga => muynegativo
catástrofe => muynegativo
chillido => muynegativo
cojón => muynegativo
confusión => muynegativo
contaminación => muynegativo
crispación => muynegativo
crudeza => muynegativo
crueldad => muynegativo
crítico => muynegativo
culo => muynegativo
daño => muynegativo
debilidad => muynegativo
degradación => muynegativo
desagrado => muynegativo
desastre => muynegativo
desesperación => muynegativo
desgarro => muynegativo
desolación => muynegativo
despido => muynegativo
destrucción => muynegativo
desánimo => muynegativo
deudo => muynegativo
disconformidad => muynegativo
disfunción => muynegativo
disgusto => muynegativo
distorsión => muynegativo
dolor => muynegativo
empujón => muynegativo
enfermedad => muynegativo
enfrentamiento => muynegativo
entierro => muynegativo
error => muynegativo
escalofrío => muynegativo
esclavitud => muynegativo
escupitajo => muynegativo
estafador => muynegativo
estrangulamiento => muynegativo
estupidez => muynegativo
fastidio => muynegativo
fraude => muynegativo
frustración => muynegativo
fusilamiento => muynegativo
gravedad => muynegativo
horror => muynegativo
desmotivación => muynegativo
impertinencia => muynegativo
incertidumbre => muynegativo
incomodidad => muynegativo
incompetencia => muynegativo
incordio => muynegativo
incorrección => muynegativo
infección => muynegativo
infelicidad => muynegativo
insensibilidad => muynegativo
ironía => muynegativo
lentitud => muynegativo
lesión => muynegativo
llorico => muynegativo
lloro => muynegativo
locura => muynegativo
lágrima => muynegativo
maldad => muynegativo
malestar => muynegativo
maltrato => muynegativo
maricón => muynegativo
matón => muynegativo
melancolía => muynegativo
mendicidad => muynegativo
menosprecio => muynegativo
mentira => muynegativo
miedo => muynegativo
mierda => muynegativo
molestia => muynegativo
motín => muynegativo
muerte => muynegativo
negación => muynegativo
obviedad => muynegativo
ofensa => muynegativo
omisión => muynegativo
ordinariez => muynegativo
oscuridad => muynegativo
pecado => muynegativo
peligro => muynegativo
perdedor => muynegativo
persecución => muynegativo
persuasión => muynegativo
penalización => muynegativo
pisotón => muynegativo
pobreza => muynegativo
porrero => muynegativo
porreto => muynegativo
provocación => muynegativo
puta => muynegativo
putrefacción => muynegativo
vomitino => muynegativo
radicalismo => muynegativo
rareza => muynegativo
siniestralidad => muynegativo
sosura => muynegativo
temor => muynegativo
timo => muynegativo
tocacojón => muynegativo
tonter => muynegativo
torpeza => muynegativo
tostón => muynegativo
tristeza => muynegativo
tumulto => muynegativo
vulnerabilidad => muynegativo
vómito => muynegativo
coñazo => muynegativo
vaivén => muynegativo
:-( => muynegativo
:( => muynegativo
buen rollo => muypositivo
fábular => muypositivo
fuera serie => muypositivo
gran éxito => muypositivo
gran trabajo => muypositivo
mejorar crez => muypositivo
obra maestro => muypositivo
maravilla => muypositivo
puta madre => muypositivo
abrazo => muypositivo
admiración => muypositivo
adoración => muypositivo
agrado => muypositivo
amabilidad => muypositivo
amigo => muypositivo
amor => muypositivo
apetito => positivo
apoyo => muypositivo
bienvenido => muypositivo
bodo => muypositivo
cachorrillo => muypositivo
cachorro => muypositivo
confort => muypositivo
divinidad => muypositivo
ensueño => muypositivo
espectáculo => muypositivo
esplendor => muypositivo
estabilidad => muypositivo
fiesta => muypositivo
gusto => muypositivo
gracia => muypositivo
ilusión => muypositivo
imaginación => muypositivo
inmensidad => muypositivo
innovación => muypositivo
inteligencia => muypositivo
juventud => muypositivo
molar => muypositivo
mola => muypositivo
optimismo => muypositivo
orgullo => muypositivo
placer => muypositivo
placidez => muypositivo
risa => muypositivo
satisfacción => muypositivo
silbido => muypositivo
sonrisa => muypositivo
éxito => muypositivo
:-) => muypositivo
:-) => muypositivo
;-) => muypositivo
:) => muypositivo
: - ) => muypositivo
: - ) => muypositivo
; - ) => muypositivo
: ) => muypositivo
jeje => muypositivo
jejeje => muypositivo
jejejear => muypositivo
ja => positivo
jaja => muypositivo
jajaja => muypositivo
jajajaja => muypositivo
jejeje => muypositivo
jejejeje => muypositivo
je => positivo
ja ja => muypositivo
je je => muypositivo
ji ji => positivo
dar coñazo => negativo
dejar desear => negativo
peor => negativo
peor todo => negativo
error => negativo
estupidez => negativo
dejar mal cuerpo => negativo
saber a poco => negativo
incordio => negativo
joder => negativo
lástimar => negativo
faltar algo => negativo
mal cuerpo => negativo
mal estado => negativo
no aportar nada => negativo
no molar => negativo
no mola => negativo
culpabilidad => negativo
culpable => negativo
cólero => negativo
defecto => negativo
desconsuelo => negativo
desequilibrio => negativo
fiasco => negativo
fruncimiento => negativo
herido => negativo
humillación => negativo
ira => negativo
prohibición => negativo
prohibiciones => negativo
protesta => negativo
pupar => negativo
crimen => negativo
cárcel => negativo
ignorancia => negativo
impaciencia => negativo
impedimento => negativo
ladrón => negativo
monstruo => negativo
plagio => negativo
preocupación => negativo
soledad => negativo
tropiezo => negativo
vanidad => negativo
rencor => negativo
represión => negativo
no molar nada => negativo
no mola nada => negativo
no poder pedir peras olmo => negativo
no pedir peras olmo => negativo
punto negativo => negativo
saber poco => negativo
quedar medio => negativo
sin ton ni son => negativo
decepción => negativo
lástimar => negativo
aburrimiento => negativo
agotamiento => negativo
aversión => negativo
cansancio => negativo
criminalidad => negativo
decaimiento => negativo
decepción => negativo
depresión => negativo
desarraigo => negativo
desobediencia => negativo
despojo => negativo
destrozo => negativo
difamación => negativo
discusión => negativo
dureza => negativo
enfar => negativo
enojo => negativo
estrés => negativo
estupefacción => negativo
exageración => negativo
exceso => negativo
exterminación => negativo
facha => negativo
fallecimiento => negativo
fiasco => negativo
furio => negativo
infantilismo => negativo
inmadurez => negativo
intranquilidad => negativo
inutilidad => negativo
irrelevancia => negativo
lástimar => negativo
palizar => negativo
plasta => negativo
presión => negativo
rebeldir => negativo
ruina => negativo
suciedad => negativo
sufrimiento => negativo
suicidio => negativo
susto => negativo
huelga => negativo
hulg => negativo
ternura => positivo
buen sabor boca => positivo
último generación => positivo
gracia mejorar => positivo
no mal => positivo
no nada mal => positivo
punto positivo => positivo
ser mejor => positivo
guay => positivo
alegría => positivo
benevolencia => positivo
canción => positivo
celebración => positivo
coqueteo => positivo
disfrutar => positivo
diversión => positivo
dulzura => positivo
educación => positivo
eficiencia => positivo
elegancia => positivo
emoción => positivo
emotividad => positivo
enamoramiento => positivo
encanto => positivo
entretenimiento => positivo
entusiasmo => positivo
excelencia => positivo
exclusividad => positivo
fantasía => positivo
flirteo => positivo
fomento => positivo
fortaleza => positivo
fortuno => positivo
gentileza => positivo
hambre => positivo
interés => positivo
ligoteo => positivo
ligar => positivo
madurez => positivo
modestia => positivo
motivación => positivo
nobleza => positivo
novedad => positivo
perfección => positivo
sensatez => positivo
sentimiento => positivo
sinceridad => positivo
sorpresa => positivo
tranquilidad => positivo
transparencia => positivo
valentir => positivo
victoria => positivo
gracia => positivo
elcambioandaluz => positivo
abandonar => muynegativo
abortar => muynegativo
aburrir => muynegativo
abusar => muynegativo
abusar de => muynegativo
accidentar => muynegativo
acusar => muynegativo
ahuyentar => muynegativo
alarmar => muynegativo
amenazar => muynegativo
amputar => muynegativo
angustiar => muynegativo
aniquilar => muynegativo
anular => muynegativo
arrepentir => muynegativo
arruinar => muynegativo
asfixiar => muynegativo
asustar => muynegativo
atacar => muynegativo
atontar => muynegativo
atrever => muynegativo
atrever él => muynegativo
avergonzar => muynegativo
burlar => muynegativo
cagar => muynegativo
carecer de => muynegativo
compensar él => muynegativo
cortar => muynegativo
crispar él => muynegativo
criticar => muynegativo
dar pena => muynegativo
decepcionar => muynegativo
defraudar => muynegativo
descuidar => muynegativo
desequilibrar => muynegativo
desesperar => muynegativo
desgarrar => muynegativo
desgastar => muynegativo
desilusionar => muynegativo
destrozar => muynegativo
destruir => muynegativo
disgustar => muynegativo
distorsionar => muynegativo
eludir => muynegativo
enfadar => muynegativo
enfermar => muynegativo
enfrentar => muynegativo
enojar => muynegativo
entrometer él => muynegativo
equivocar él => muynegativo
equivocar => muynegativo
evitar él => muynegativo
exterminar => muynegativo
faltar => muynegativo
faltar de respeto => muynegativo
fatigar => muynegativo
fracasar => muynegativo
fruncir el ceño => muynegativo
frustrar => muynegativo
forzar => muynegativo
fusilar => muynegativo
golpear => muynegativo
herir => muynegativo
hostigar => muynegativo
ignorar => muynegativo
limitar => muynegativo
llagar => muynegativo
llorar => muynegativo
lloriquear => muynegativo
malentender => muynegativo
malgastar => muynegativo
malhumorar => muynegativo
maltratar => muynegativo
mancillar => muynegativo
manipular => muynegativo
menospreciar => muynegativo
mentir => muynegativo
mofar => muynegativo
molestar => muynegativo
odiar => muynegativo
ofender => muynegativo
olvidar => muynegativo
quemar => muynegativo
rabiar => muynegativo
ser el que ser => muynegativo
ser lamentable => muynegativo
sobreestimar => muynegativo
sobreesfuerzo => muynegativo
sobre-esfuerzo => muynegativo
sobrestimar => muynegativo
sufrir => muynegativo
llagar => muynegativo
vomitar => muynegativo
fastidiar => muynegativo
abandonar => muynegativo
abortar => muynegativo
abusar => muynegativo
accidentar => muynegativo
accidentar él => muynegativo
acojonar => muynegativo
acojonar él => muynegativo
acusar => muynegativo
aflijido => muynegativo
agarrar => muynegativo
agitar => muynegativo
agitar él => muynegativo
agravar => muynegativo
ahuyentar => muynegativo
aislar => muynegativo
alarmar => muynegativo
alelar => muynegativo
amargar => muynegativo
amargar él => muynegativo
amenazar => muynegativo
amotinar => muynegativo
amputar => muynegativo
angustiar => muynegativo
angustiar él => muynegativo
aniquilar => muynegativo
anular => muynegativo
apenar => muynegativo
aplastar => muynegativo
arrastrar => muynegativo
arrebatar => muynegativo
arrepentir => muynegativo
arruinar => muynegativo
asesinar => muynegativo
asfixiar => muynegativo
asustar => muynegativo
atacar => muynegativo
atontar => muynegativo
avergonzar => muynegativo
avergonzar => muynegativo
azotar => muynegativo
burlar => muynegativo
burlar él => muynegativo
cagar => muynegativo
cagar él => muynegativo
cansar => muynegativo
carecer => muynegativo
castigar => muynegativo
chocar => muynegativo
cizallar => muynegativo
cizañar => muynegativo
cobrar => muynegativo
complicar => muynegativo
comportar él => muynegativo
condenar => muynegativo
confesar => muynegativo
congojar => muynegativo
acongojar => muynegativo
crispar => muynegativo
criticar => muynegativo
culpar => muynegativo
dañar => muynegativo
decaer => muynegativo
delinquir => muynegativo
derrotar => muynegativo
desagradar => muynegativo
desamparar => muynegativo
descontentar => muynegativo
descuidar => muynegativo
desesperar => muynegativo
desgarrar => muynegativo
desgraciar => muynegativo
deshonrar => muynegativo
desilusionar => muynegativo
desmotivar => muynegativo
desolar => muynegativo
desordenar => muynegativo
despojar => muynegativo
destacar => muynegativo
difamar => muynegativo
discapacitar => muynegativo
disconformar => muynegativo
disconformar él => muynegativo
disgustar => muynegativo
disparar => muynegativo
distorsionar => muynegativo
eliminar => muynegativo
eludir => muynegativo
empujar => muynegativo
encarcelar => muynegativo
enervar => muynegativo
enfermar => muynegativo
enfrentar => muynegativo
engañar => muynegativo
engordar => muynegativo
enojar => muynegativo
enterrar => muynegativo
entristecer => muynegativo
entrometer => muynegativo
entrometer él => muynegativo
equivocar => muynegativo
equivocar él => muynegativo
errar => muynegativo
escupir => muynegativo
espantar => muynegativo
estafar => muynegativo
estrangular => muynegativo
estresar => muynegativo
estresar => muynegativo
estropear => muynegativo
exterminar => muynegativo
fatigar => muynegativo
favorecer => muynegativo
fracasar => muynegativo
fracturar => muynegativo
frecuentar => muynegativo
fregar => muynegativo
frustrar => muynegativo
frustrar él => muynegativo
gafar => muynegativo
golpear => muynegativo
gravar => muynegativo
gritar => muynegativo
hundir => muynegativo
hundir él => muynegativo
ignorar => muynegativo
impacientar => muynegativo
impedir => muynegativo
incomodar => muynegativo
incordiar => muynegativo
inquietar => muynegativo
jorobar => muynegativo
lamentar => muynegativo
lastimar => muynegativo
lesionar => muynegativo
lesionar él => muynegativo
llagar => muynegativo
llorar => muynegativo
maldecir => muynegativo
malentender => muynegativo
malgastar => muynegativo
malhumorar => muynegativo
maliciar => muynegativo
maltratar => muynegativo
manchar => muynegativo
mancillar => muynegativo
mangar => muynegativo
marchitar => muynegativo
marginar => muynegativo
matar => muynegativo
mendigar => muynegativo
menospreciar => muynegativo
mentir => muynegativo
mofar => muynegativo
molestar => muynegativo
morder => muynegativo
mordiscar => muynegativo
morir => muynegativo
negar => muynegativo
negar él => muynegativo
odiar => muynegativo
ofender => muynegativo
oponer => muynegativo
oponer él => muynegativo
pecar => muynegativo
pelear => muynegativo
peligrar => muynegativo
penar => muynegativo
perder => muynegativo
perjudicar => muynegativo
perturbar => muynegativo
pisotear => muynegativo
preocupar => muynegativo
preocupar él => muynegativo
presionar => muynegativo
prohibir => muynegativo
protestar => muynegativo
quejar => muynegativo
quejar él => muynegativo
rabiar => muynegativo
radicalizar => muynegativo
rechazar => muynegativo
reprimir => muynegativo
repulsar => muynegativo
retorcer él => muynegativo
robar => muynegativo
sangrar => muynegativo
secuestrar => muynegativo
suicidar => muynegativo
temer => muynegativo
timar => muynegativo
usurpar => muynegativo
desmantelar => muynegativo
admirar => muypositivo
adorar => muypositivo
agraciar => muypositivo
alegrar => muypositivo
alegrar él => muypositivo
aliviar => muypositivo
amar => muypositivo
amistar => muypositivo
animar => muypositivo
apoyar => muypositivo
apreciar => muypositivo
brillar => muypositivo
confiar en => muypositivo
confortar => muypositivo
crecer => muypositivo
detestar => muypositivo
deslumbrar => muypositivo
divertir => muypositivo
educar => muypositivo
emocionar => muypositivo
encantar => muypositivo
entusiasmar => muypositivo
equilibrar => muypositivo
esperanzar => muypositivo
favorecer => muypositivo
gustar => muypositivo
honrar => muypositivo
idolatrar => muypositivo
impresionar => muypositivo
inspirar => muypositivo
lograr => muypositivo
entusiasmar => muypositivo
entusiasmar él => muypositivo
imposibilitar => muypositivo
gozar => muypositivo
maravillar => muypositivo
prestigiar => muypositivo
privilegiar => muypositivo
redescubrir => muypositivo
reir => muypositivo
reír => muypositivo
respetar => muypositivo
satisfacer => muypositivo
sentir bien => muypositivo
sorprender => muypositivo
abrazar => muypositivo
acertar => muypositivo
admirar => muypositivo
adorar => muypositivo
agradar => muypositivo
ahorrar => muypositivo
aliviar => muypositivo
amistar => muypositivo
animar => muypositivo
apasionar => muypositivo
apostar => muypositivo
apoyar => muypositivo
besar => muypositivo
casar él => muypositivo
celebrar => muypositivo
compartir => muypositivo
confortar => muypositivo
esperanzar => muypositivo
estabilizar => muypositivo
fascinar => muypositivo
gustar => muypositivo
idolatrar => muypositivo
maravillar => muypositivo
perdonar => muypositivo
premiar => muypositivo
reconfortar => muypositivo
relajar => muypositivo
disfrutar => muypositivo
relajar él => muypositivo
saborear => muypositivo
satisfacer => muypositivo
silbar => muypositivo
socializar => muypositivo
tranquilizar él => muypositivo
valorar => muypositivo
agotar => negativo
apenar => negativo
chapuzar => negativo
dañar => negativo
decepcionar => negativo
degradar => negativo
demandar => negativo
deprimir => negativo
desagradar => negativo
desanimar => negativo
desestructurar => negativo
desilusionar => negativo
difamar => negativo
dificultar => negativo
disminuir => negativo
enfurecer => negativo
entristecer => negativo
estafar => negativo
estropear => negativo
exagerar => negativo
fastidiar => negativo
gritar => negativo
incomodar => negativo
incordiar => negativo
indignar => negativo
jorobar => negativo
lamentar => negativo
lastimar => negativo
llorar => negativo
mear => negativo
minar => negativo
molestar => negativo
ofender => negativo
palmar => negativo
parir => negativo
pedir disculpar => negativo
pegar => negativo
penar => negativo
podrir => negativo
presionar => negativo
privar => negativo
rayar => negativo
robar => negativo
suicidar => negativo
viciar => negativo
violentar => negativo
desmoralizar => negativo
estrellar => negativo
expedientar => negativo
plagiar => negativo
temblar => negativo
cascar => negativo
sospechar => negativo
subdesarrollar => negativo
sobreestimar => negativo
sobrestimar => negativo
desconsolar => negativo
desequilibrar => negativo
doler => negativo
estancar => negativo
fruncir => negativo
ceñir => negativo
hipotecar => negativo
desilusionar => negativo
desmoralizar => negativo
retorcer => negativo
ridiculizar => negativo
abstener él => negativo
aburrir => negativo
aburrir él => negativo
adeudar => negativo
advertir => negativo
negar => negativo
agotar => negativo
agotar él => negativo
alistar => negativo
alterar => negativo
anhelar => negativo
aplacar => negativo
apresurar él => negativo
arrugar => negativo
asquear => negativo
asquear él => negativo
babear => negativo
cabrear => negativo
cabrear él => negativo
calentar => negativo
calentar él => negativo
capar => negativo
cargar => negativo
castigar => negativo
chapuzar => negativo
chillar => negativo
cobrar => negativo
competir => negativo
complicar => negativo
condenar => negativo
contener => negativo
contrariar => negativo
decaer => negativo
decaido => negativo
decepcionar => negativo
defender => negativo
defraudar => negativo
degradar => negativo
delirar => negativo
demandar => negativo
demenciar => negativo
depender => negativo
deportar => negativo
deprimir => negativo
derrotar => negativo
desafiar => negativo
desamparar => negativo
desanimar => negativo
desarmar => negativo
desarraigar => negativo
desilusionar => negativo
desnudar => negativo
desobedecer => negativo
desperdiciar => negativo
destrozar => negativo
destruir => negativo
desvincular => negativo
desvirtuar => negativo
dificultar => negativo
discutir => negativo
dominar => negativo
dudar => negativo
empalizar => negativo
endeudar => negativo
enfadar => negativo
enfurecer => negativo
enojar => negativo
escapar => negativo
escuchar => negativo
esquivar => negativo
evitar => negativo
exagerar => negativo
exceder => negativo
exigir => negativo
experimentar => negativo
exprimir => negativo
fallecer => negativo
fracasar => negativo
frenar => negativo
fusilar => negativo
gastar => negativo
gemir => negativo
gritar => negativo
imponer => negativo
indignar => negativo
infartar => negativo
infartar => negativo
irritar => negativo
irritar él => negativo
lloriquear => negativo
malhumorar => negativo
marear => negativo
mear => negativo
mofar => negativo
nausear => negativo
obligar => negativo
ocultar => negativo
parir => negativo
pegar => negativo
pellizcar => negativo
provocar => negativo
quejar => negativo
rabiar => negativo
rechazar => negativo
repugnar => negativo
retorcer => negativo
revolver él => negativo
robar => negativo
ruborizar => negativo
sangrar => negativo
sentenciar => negativo
soportar => negativo
sospechar => negativo
sufrir => negativo
suplicar => negativo
suspender => negativo
tensar => negativo
violentar => negativo
zarandear => negativo
sobreestimar => negativo
sobrestimar => negativo
sobrevalorar => negativo
acertar => positivo
agradar => positivo
alentar => positivo
apreciar => positivo
atraer => positivo
ayudar => positivo
beneficiar => positivo
brillar => positivo
contentar => positivo
cumplir => positivo
destacar => positivo
destellar => positivo
dignar => positivo
disfrutar => positivo
entretener => positivo
estimar => positivo
fortalecer => positivo
gustar => positivo
gusto => positivo
mejorar => positivo
molar => positivo
posibilitar => positivo
preciar => positivo
prosperar => positivo
recompensar => positivo
reinar => positivo
sonreir => positivo
tranquilizar => positivo
valorar => positivo
absortar => positivo
acelerar => positivo
acelerar él => positivo
acoger => positivo
acostumbrar => positivo
acostumbrar él => positivo
alegrar => positivo
alegrar él => positivo
alentar => positivo
alucinar => positivo
amar => positivo
amistar => positivo
apreciar => positivo
asear => positivo
asentir => positivo
asombrar => positivo
atraer => positivo
aumentar => positivo
avanzar => positivo
ayudar => positivo
bailar => positivo
bendecir => positivo
beneficiar => positivo
brillar => positivo
bromear => positivo
calmar => positivo
cantar => positivo
concentrar => positivo
concienciar => positivo
concluir => positivo
danzar => positivo
dedicar => positivo
demandar => positivo
desear => positivo
desnudar => positivo
divertir => positivo
emocionar => positivo
emocionar él => positivo
enamorar => positivo
encantar => positivo
entretener => positivo
estimar => positivo
fantasear => positivo
flipar => positivo
flipar => positivo
flirtear => positivo
follar => positivo
fomentar => positivo
idealizar => positivo
ilusionar => positivo
imaginar => positivo
impactar => positivo
impresionar => positivo
interesar => positivo
ligar => positivo
madurar => positivo
moralizar => positivo
permitir => positivo
podrir => positivo
apreciar => positivo
preciar => positivo
prosperar => positivo
recompensar => positivo
satisfacer => positivo
sentir => positivo
sobrevivir => positivo
sorprender => positivo
sorprender él => positivo
aplaudir => positivo
calmar => positivo
disfrutar => positivo
garantizar => positivo
ilusionar => positivo
ilusionar él => positivo
motivar => positivo
pacificar => positivo
sonreir => positivo
respetar => positivo
rentabilizar => positivo
apreciar => positivo
aprobar => positivo
viajar => positivo
querer => positivo
largoooooo => largo
gracia => muypositivo
gracias => muypositivo
:-O => muypositivo
: - ) => muypositivo
: ) => muypositivo
; - ) => muypositivo
; ) => muypositivo
: ( => muynegativo
jaja => muypositivo
jeje => muypositivo
beso => muypositivo
ok => muypositivo
overtime => negativo
podría => negativo
debería => negativo